To the Order of Chaos : Chapter 1: New beginnings 
By Omega

     Legal do hicckie : I do not own Tenchi, Ryoko, Tsunami or any other main stream
     Tenchi Characters, they are the property of AIC and Pioneer. Please do not sue, 
     as I have no money (if i had, would i be writing fan fics, probably, but still =)).
     The Jurian Knight is a charachter of my own creation, and Order and Chaos are 
     abstract concepts. So all new Charachters are copyright myself, if you wish 
     to use them mail me first.
     
p.s please ignore any spelling mistooks or miss pronciations, thank you =)

************************************************************************
An Ending:

Kain scream in agony, Achika's energy staff had ripped most of his life force 
away, he would need a long time to re-generate, but now was his opportunity to 
gain control of the doorway between worlds and revenge. Achika, his tormentor 
was almost at the door, running from him, with a growl of rage he spurred his 
parts forward to ensnare and to destroy. 

Achika ran like the wind, pain flooded her body, but so did power, the power 
that enabled her to stop the one that had hurt her future son. She saw the 
glowing portal and dived for it, but something snagged her.  Kain, his tentacles 
rapped around her leg, his hand brushed her thigh drawing blood where it did.
Achika pulled and struggled, almost free, almost away, but what was Kain doing? 
His tentacles were rapped around the gate, and where the touched the gate was 
being tainted, being corrupted to Kain's biding.

The wind picked up to storm force, threatening to pull Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko 
from the tower.

"HE'S COMING, FIRE THE CANNON"  Ryoko yelled.

"MY MUMS STILL IN THEIR, WAIT SHES ALMOST HERE" Tenchi shouted over the 
hurricane.

"WE HAVE TO STOP HIM, NOW!!" Ayeka responded signalling for Kiyone to fire the 
Dimension Cannon.

"NO MY MUM" Tenchi called to the winds.

Time slowed as the bolt of energy grew from the cannon, Achika forced herself 
halfway through the gate, the Tenchi in her hand acting as piton. Tenchi diving 
forward to grab her hand. The bolt striking the now tainted gate. Time 
Stuttered.

Time stopped

Silence

Time roared into being, several things happening at once Kain's essence was 
ripped in to trillions of parts and launched throughout time and space never to 
reform.  Tenchi was torn from his mother grasp and pushed into the nothingness 
of non-existence, Ryoko joined him a Pico-second later. Reality began to break 
and crumble as dimensional and temporal energy concentrated and rebounded across 
the infinite space between seconds. Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi were wiped from time 
as the cronal wave spread out.

Achika screamed as she saw her son and his friends wiped from existence, she 
felt drawn and pulled in a thousand places, protected as she was in the void at 
the core of the cronal wave and time stuttered once more, throwing her far from 
all that she new.

In a future that never was Washu looked at her instruments, and turned away, 
"Computer deactivate all shielding, and shutdown"
"That course of action is not recommend" Toned the computer
"Override, Washu omega 3 97"
"Confirmed" Toned the computer and all the monitors went dark.
Washu sat in silence as the cronal wave spread out in space and time wiping all 
that ever was. It would be over soon she thought to herself, "my poor Ryoko I'm 
sorry for everything". Time dissolved around her and she Screamed, a scream that 
sounded as a death keen for a universe.

Reality blinked.

Reality blinked once more and sneezed.

************************************************************************
The beginning:

"WASHU CHAN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!!" yelled Princess Ayeka, she was at the top 
of the stairs dressed in a towel and a bath cap.

"WHAT, I'm not doing anything" replied the deceptively young look scientists. 
Washu looked at Ayeka from the couch where she had been all morning watching 
cartoons with Sasami.  True it was not what you'd except the greatest scientific 
genius in the universe to do, but she heard Sasami laughing and had sat down.  
"Ayeka what are you shouting about, I've been here all morning"

"Didn't you feel it, it was sort of like a sneeze, but not quite" Ayeka 
responded pulling her gown around here.  With it being Saturday, Noibiyki could 
be around. "Pervert" she thought to herself.

Washu almost jumped out of her seat "What you felt something as well, I though 
it was just me"

Sasami looked at the other two from the floor where she sat "I felt it to it 
sort of tickled and the temporal signal from the trees stuttered" she said, not 
noticing that what she has said caused both Washu and Ayeka to stare at her.

Before any further question could be asked, Tenchi, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi and 
Kiyone, burst into the room for several other locations. Ryoko slowly drew 
herself up from under the floor, looking the worse for a heavy night drinking 
with Yosho.

Washu looked at this and wondered, not for the first time, if time ran 
differently in this house, than on the rest of the planet.

"Washu Chan, I felt something while I was at the Shrine" said Tenchi

"Miya, Miya miya, Meow, Miya" said Ryo-Ohki

"QUIT IT will ya, I've got a headache" complained Ryoko to Ryo-Ohki who was the 
closet target

"I felt something to" said Kiyone ignoring the drunk demoness, while Mihoshi 
nodded vigorously from behind her partner.

"Hmm" pondered Washu as she pulled her holotop from subspace.  She tapped a few 
keys, look at her screen and tapped a few more "This is odd I should be able to 
access my subspace monitors from here, but all I'm getting is Pac-Man" 

At this Mihoshi sort of blanched and her eyes went big, sweat formed on her 
brow. "Uhh"

Washu heard that and looked at Mihoshi, her eyes narrowing. "What did you do"

"Umm, it was nothing, really, I was bored and everyone was out, and your door 
was open so I sort of went in and asked to play a game...." As Mihoshi said this 
Washu's eyes became like mini super novas, with Mihoshi as their target "IM 
SORRY" wailed Mihoshi and burst into floods of tears.

Ryoko cringed at this and glared daggers at Mihoshi.

Washu mumbled to herself as she activated the backup systems and rebooted the 
main lab computer. "How does she get past all my security, even better how does 
she get past my voice recognition system! one of these days I'm gonna have to 
find out" 
Again Washu stared at her screen, and absorbed the data flowing past her eyes. 
Stopping now and again to peck at a key.  "Hmm, according to my sensors, what we 
have all experienced is a Parallel universe, that's close to this one, being 
erased from existence." Washu continued to look at her data, "This is odd" over 
her head many pairs of eyes look for any sort of comfort they could find, as a 
phrase that could mean the end of the world, was uttered.  

"What is it Washu chan" Tenchi ask, crossing all his fingers

"Their seems to be some sort of null energy vortex vectoring in on the Tokyo 
Tower" Wash stood up 

"Lets go, if it hits the tower it could take out the city, Ryo-Ohki" Ryoko 
grabbed the Cabbit , and through her out an open window.

Ryoko look at the shocked expressions "What?" as Tenchi started to say something 
the sky darkened, and a miffed but highly amplified "Miya" could be heard from 
the now ship form of Ryo-Ohki.

A bright light scanned across the group, and they all vanished.  On board the 
Ryo-Ohki a similar beam spat them out onto the bridge.  Ryoko was about to take 
the pilots chair, when Washu interposed herself "MUM, this is my Ship" Ryoko 
glared at Washu.

Washu look at Ryoko "When you can dispel a null vortex moving at 1/4 light speed 
without destroying the local layers of sub space, then you can pilot on this 
sort of Mission, as it is this is a job for 'THE UNIVERSES GREATEST SCIENTIFIC 
GENIUS' which is Me so thhhhpt" 

Ryoko turned her back on Washu who was still sticking her tongue out, and spied 
Tenchi sitting in one of the group chairs, Sasami was on one side and a spare 
seat to the other.  Unfortunately Ayeka spied it as well.

Both women jumped for the place at the same time "Move it Monster Woman, I saw 
this seat first." 
 "Not a chance your Lowness, My ship, My chair, My Tenchi"
"How dare you claim possession of a member of the Jurian Royal house"
"I'll Claim what I like, miss priss"
"Priss I'll show you priss"

As Ayeka and Ryoko argued, the little logs of Ayeka's Shield began to appear, 
around Ryoko, and Ryoko's Diamonds appeared around Ayeka.  Mihoshi seeing this 
began to try to break them up "Please stop fighting you two.  Stop it "

Washu hearing the antics of her daughter sighed "She certainly doesn't get that 
stubborn streak from me.  Ryo-Ohki, activate a level 10 containment field around 
Ying and Yang their.

A blue half sphere appeared around Ayeka and Ryoko, and not a second to soon.  
Inside the sphere their were two explosions as counter forces interacted, the 
sphere held then with a pop it opened. Smoke spilled out across the floor, 
leaving two black, sooty and stunned women staring at each other. A sigh escaped 
from both their lips and the collapsed into a pile on the floor.

"Now everyone behave, were approaching the Null vortex." As Washu spoke on the 
main cube monitor a swirling purplish sore in the fabric of reality appeared. It 
looked like a hole in space that was moving at extreme speed. "So, Who knows how 
we can get ride of this?" Everyone turned back to look at Washu who was now 
wearing her Science Academy lecturing robes.

Ryoko picking herself of the ground turned to  Washu "Lets just blast the thing, 
and get back, Sunset Rock is coming on!"

**SPRANG**

Ryoko looked up from under a large Buddha statue which had just landed on her 
head.

Washu began to pace, now in full lecture mode "Now, everyone remember to raise 
an hand when asking a question.  And to answer your badly formed question Ryoko. 
The null energy vortex is comprised of anti-Tachions and anti-protons.  Ryo-
Ohki's lasers are based on a polarised particle beam, thusly to have a 
diametrically opposite force strike a null vortex would in-fact cause the vortex 
to expand and contract on an uneven plain, and would likely shatter it into a 
thousand smaller vortexes. Compounding the problem." Washu stop in front of the 
main monitor cube and looked at the swirling vortex "Of course to get rid of 
this we must bombarded the event horizon with an anti lepton field, this will 
collapse the event horizon in on itself, causing the Null Vortex to implode 
releasing a positive matter stream. Simple"

Ryoko looks at Washu "SIMPLE!, That's not simple, simple is saying push the red 
button!"

Washu walks over to Ryoko and pats her head "Its simple to me, THE GREATES 
SCIENTIFIC GENIUS IN THE UNIVERSE"

"What can we do to help Washu Chan?" ask Tenchi, trying to prevent another Ryoko 
explosion.

Washu pulls out her holotop and begins to peck at the keyboard. "Ryo-Ohki has 
the necessary generators on board, we just need to connect them together" Washu 
opens a floor panel that was hidden  and begins to make connections, she is left 
holding three cables.  Washu hands a pair of the cables to Tenchi "Tenchi hold 
these to cable's, and don't let go." And looks at the third as if it had just 
appeared.  "Where should this one go? Oh right in their" spotting one of the 
floating crystals Washu connects the cable to the Base.

Tenchi cleared his throat looking nervously at the cables. "Washu Chan, should I 
be holding these cable like this?" 

"Ok on my mark, Ayeka press the control crystal, Tenchi bridge those two cables, 
Ryo-Ohki fire your main gun at the vortex." Washu dusted her hand and resumes 
her seat at the console.

"Miya" responded Ryo-Ohki

"Umm... Washu what should we do?" asked Sasami

"Washu chan, these cables?!?!"

"Everyone else start praying....MARK!"

"WASHU!!!!!!!!" screamed Tenchi as energy arced from one cable to another, Ayeka 
pressed the control diamond, and Washu activated the modified guns.

Out side the ship the main guns began to glow a sickly green colour, rather than 
the bright red they normally were.  Energy began to pool at the focus point, and 
a river of raw energy crossed the void between Ryo-Ohki and the Vortex.  The 
Vortex began to quiver, then shake, finally it began to curl in on itself.

"The collapse is happening" cackled Washu, rubbing her hands "Ryo-Ohki, when the 
matter stream is ejected move away from its path, but keep scanning it. I've 
always wanted to know what a Null Vortex had for dinner"

As the crew of the Ryo-Ohki looked on the vortex gave its final struggle for 
life, then fell in on itself. A bright spear of light exploded from the core of 
the vortex, and a rushing mass of elements began to pour into the blackness.

"Incredible, there are primal elements in their not seen for a thousand 
millennia, super compressed matter denser than a neutron star, look the diamond 
core of a Gas Giant. A Toyota?!?!? How did a Toyota get in their?! Wha.." as 
Washu looked at the readings, lights began to flash around the room "Theirs 
someone alive in the stream"

Ayeka stepped over to the console  "Washu Chan, how is that possible?"

"It shouldn't be, ah theirs a pocket of trapped atmosphere, but its dissipating. 
Ryoko, get out their and bring them on board."

"But its cold out their" replied a still sooty Ryoko

"DO IT, RYOKO! They're dying out their" snapped Tenchi glaring at Ryoko

"Fine, fine, I'll get cold, and dirty, don't anyone else bother" mumbled Ryoko 
as she stood up and teleported to from the ship.

Ryoko briefly appeared on the main cube monitor as she orientated herself, the 
disappeared once more.  Everyone on board of Ryo-Ohki waited as tense minutes 
seem to draw on like hours.

Suddenly with a muffled pop, Ryoko re-appeared on the bridge, her back to 
everyone. "Your NEVER gonna believe who I found out their." Ryoko said stepping 
aside.

No-one moved, no-one spoke as the beheld the figure before them.

"It cant be!!" said Kiyone

Mihoshi only managed a "Whaaaaa" 

"Mother!!" Ayeka said as she recognised the figure

Tenchi's only response as he hit the floor unconscious from shock "MOM!!!"

Washu looked at the scene before them "and now I'm worried."

************************************************************************
Interlude: Nowhere

A giant chess board looms into view, on it are two sets of pieces, one a marbled 
white, the other an obsidian black. The white pieces, are missing their Queen.

A gloved hand reaches out of nowhere and places the white Queen onto the board, 
she is shaped like Achika.

A soft voice issues forth from the darkness "So you have assembled your pieces 
then? Hmmm, Tenchi as King, Achika as Queen, Ryoko and Ayeka as Knights. Washu 
and Yosho as Bishops. For your Rooks Sasami/Tsunami and Ryo-Ohki.  Well done, I 
never would have thought to use them like that." 

"That is your problem, you never think about how to use your present resource.  
Look at what you have chosen, Avatars of Darkness, all. Kagato as King, Tokimi 
as Queen.  You have bent time, and drawn them from the moment of their 
destruction.  You know the rule, those resurrected, even for our bidding are 
only shadows of what they were." Came the well spoken response.

"Indeed, but even as Shadows, they will still beat your choices, now let us 
introduce a rouge element into our game shall we, one forged in light and 
darkness.  One who may tip the balance."

"Very well, choose your pieces"

A two claws appear over the board, they select two pawns from either side. "I 
will make the avatar, you will make the ship" with a soft chuckle the hands come 
together and a white light emanates from inside. When the light died, the hands 
place a new figure upon the chess board, it is male in shape, and dressed as a 
Jurian Knight, unlike the other figures of the boardn this one is grey in 
colour, and for a second seems to glow with a blue haze."

"Of course" snapped the well spoken voice.  A pair of hands in white gloves 
appear, and selects two more pawns from the board.  They are brought together, 
and once more there is a blazing white light. When the light recedes, the gloved 
hands place what appears to be a grey Jurian ship on the board, but unlike the 
normal Tree ships, this has angular wings that stretch away from it.

"A nice twist that"

"Indeed, shall we begin then Lord Chaos"

"Very well Master order, the first move is your I believe"

End Interlude
************************************************************************
