**Disclaimer** We do not own Tenchi or Ryoko or any of the characters in
this story. Pioneer Animations

and AIC do. Please, like I said, don't sue me!**

Tenchi & Ryoko: Forever Dreams Chapter 2: The Dream

Regular

Are these dreams or premonitions? What's going on?

**************************************************************************************************************

"Teeeeeennnnchi! Pleeeeeaaaaassssseeeee?"

"No, I already told you, I can't let you."

"Whyyyy? I wouln't bother you, just tell me why?"

"Yeah right, it just wouln't be a good idea."

The morning started rather good. Tenchi awoke and saw Ryoko sleeping beside
him. He thought she looked cute

sleeping. But, when she woke up to find it was a Monday and Tenchi had
school. Ryoko spent the rest of the

morning begging Tenchi to let her go to school. Unfortunately, it was to no
avail. Her whining fell on deaf

ears. Tenchi for once, stood his ground. He honestly thought it would not be
a good idea for her to go to his

school. No doubt whatever she said, she would cause trouble.

"That explains nothing." Ryoko pouted.

"Sure it does," Tenchi came up with a lame excuse, "I, uh, need you here to
make sure Ryo-ohki doesn't get into

the stash of carrots."

Ryoko rolled her eyes, the cabbit was still asleep on the couch downstairs.

"Ya know something, I'm pretty hungry." Tenchi tried desperately to change
the subject, he was starting to cave

under the pleading look in Ryoko's felinoid eyes. Luckily, she hadn't
noticed.

Ryoko looked startled, "OH WOW, I almost forgot!"

She quickly flew out of his room and into the kitchen. Tenchi sighed, 'Those
eyes,' he thought, 'they can

hypnotize if you're not careful.' Still, he couln't get over the fact that
they were one of Ryoko's better

features. He smiled at himself, he was falling for her hook,line,and sinker.

After a short while, Tenchi walked downstairs, ready to be bumbarded again.
When he reached the bottom of the stairs

and saw no Ryoko, he got curious. He walked into the kitchen and saw Ryoko
slumped by the table and his father at the

stove. "What's going on?" he asked.

"He," Ryoko said pointing at Nobuyuki, "beat me to it."

"Hope you are hungry." Nobuyuki smiled.

"Well, it certainly smells good, said Tenchi smiling.

Nobuyuki served the food then went back to his room to get ready for work.
Grandfather had already gone to the shrine.

Tenchi got up after finishing, and started to walk out the door. Just before
he got there, Ryoko stepped in his way.

"Ryoko please," Tenchi pleaded, "we went through this already."

Ryoko's grin faded, "Oh, so you say you love me and now I can't even get a
kiss goodbye?"

"Never say goodbye," said Tenchi simply and started to walk out the door.

Ryoko huffed and started to walk inside when Tenchi grabbed her by the arm,
spun her around than kissed her.

Shocked by this, Ryoko didn't have time to react. When he let go, Tenchi
simply put on a goofy grin and started walking

out the door. Ryoko stood shocked, staring after him, not really seeing
anything.

**************************************************************************************************************

It was now 1:30 and Ryoko was just plain bored. She had already cleaned the
house, made and ate lunch, gave Ryo-ohki a

bath for no apparent reason except boredness, got severly scratched by the
cabbit, watched countless soap-operas and cartoons (

honestly she didn't know how

Mihoshi put up with them) and did other odd, yet boring, jobs around the
house.

Ryo-ohki now laid lazily on her lap as she was watching the clouds go by
from the roof. It was a nice bright sunny day.

Ryo-ohki miyad happily.

"I'm glad you're having fun."

"Miiiyyyaaa" yawned Ryo-ohki as she stretched out.

Ryoko decided to close her eyes and try to take a nap. She had just dozed
off when a sort of voice entered her thoughts,

at first she thought it was Washu and hautily told her to back off. But this
voice started as a barely audible whisper

then got slightly louder. When Ryoko could hear it, it said, 'Happy
Aniversary my pet.'

Ryoko bolted up from her laying position. Ryo-ohki fell off her lap and
miyad rather grumpily. Ryoko clenched her fists

and disappeared into the house.

This was driving her insane, for the last two weeks this statement had
haunted her. She knew what it meant, for the last

two weeks she had been having nightmares. For the last two weeks, she had
tried to get along with everyone to hopefully

find the dreams were just stress. For the last two weeks, she was slowly
losing sleep, it wasn't working. Now, the voice

didn't seem to leave her alone. Had she forgot, was it really today? `It
can't be' she thought. 'No, not now' the voice

only seemed to get louder.

Now, unable to hear her own thoughts, let alone her own voice, she screamed,
collapsed on the floor. 'No, she thought, 'not

now, GO AWAY, I'M NOT YOUR PET ANYMORE!' Her thoughts were only a whisper in
her head as the voice was defening. Then she past

out, into her dream.

********************************************************************************************************************************

Ryoko opened her eyes to find herself kneeling on a cold floor. It was dark,
only small lights luminating the, what she presumed

to be, a large room. Ryoko was at a loss for sense of direction, place, and
time.

She saw a light in the distance, unlike the dull lights in the room, it was
bright, almost florescent, but, with a blink, it was

gone. Ryoko heard the whistling of some type of wind, then, she was hit hard
in the gut. She hunched over in pain, totally un -

prepared for the blow.

She was still unaware of her assailant. "Pretty low attacking an unprepared
warrior." Ryoko still gripping her stomach with one

hand, stood up, grinning, the light of battle glowing in her amber eyes.

"No, merely part of the stratedgy."

The voice was so hard it could only belong to one person, Kagato.

"Happy Aniversary, my little pet."

Ryoko snarled, "I AM NOT YOUR PET KAGATO!"

"I'm honored you would remember me." Kagato stepped out of the darkness into
one of the shafts of light coming from the dull ones.

He looked like a shadow, wearing a black cape that covered his whole body,
including his head, which was bent down, at the moment looking

at the ground. He smirked, "You are not happy to see me Ryoko. I honestly
think you should show some gratitude to the one who showed you

how to fight, and win."

Ryoko tensed, it was true, he had shown her how to fight, but for all the
wrong reasons. Actually, she wished she never had to fight, the memory of

all the lives she took would haunt her for the rest of her life.

Kagato seemed to read her mind, "Oh come on, look at what all that I've done
to you has done for you."

His smile got bigger.

"Thanks," Ryoko managed to get out, "but I would have been much better off
if you left me all by myself."

"Get over yourself Ryoko, look at what this, this, love, has done to you,
made you weak, susceptibule."

Ryoko smiled, Kagato seemed to be pleading with her. She liked this, but she
also knew, whatever Kagato needed her for would not be good.

"Well, I wouldn't say that, it's just the person's point of view."

Ryoko was shocked, he could read her mind, she was unable to block it. This
was bad, very bad.

"Anyway, how about a good old spar hmm, does that sound good?"

Before giving Ryoko a chance to answer, Kagato lept at her. Acting on
instinct, Ryoko let out her energy saber. She quickly deflected the slash

at her midsection Kagato was trying to make. Greatfull of her instincts, she
mostly attemped to block the moves Kagato was making, 'He's moving

to fast for me to get a good shot at him.' Thought Ryoko. Just then, Ryoko
heard something, but, was too busy to find what it was. She had learned

from experience, Kagato was a dirty fighter, he would take any shot he could
get, and he did.

"Why don't you see what it is. I know you are dying to know. That's the bad
thing about curiosity, it killed the cat." Kagato grinned wickedly

realizing the reference he made with Ryoko, as in many ways, she did
resemble a cat.

"Luckily this cat has her priorities set in place. You come first."

"Should I be honored?" Kagato was a little shocked at her insubordination.
'Never mind,' he told himself, 'she'll get it later.'

Kagato rushed at her with an energy ball in hand. Ryoko found herself unable
to move. She panicked. 'This is it I suppose, no, I can't, urgh, I won't

give up now.

Ryoko opened her eyes, Kagato stopped dead in his tracks. He made the
mistake of looking into them again. They seemed brighter, more determined.
All

at once, Kagato let his energy ball go. Still unable to move, Ryoko was only
forced to take the blow. She screamed in pain.

********************************************************************************************************************************************************

(Back at the house, [this is a little of a flashback, in the real world,
before the 'noise'then it all starts to come together])

Tenchi walked into the house, worn out from the walk to the bus stop. That
walk could be so peaceful sometimes but, today, it was stressful, he just\

wanted to get home, something was bothering him. Something didn't seem
right.

He walked into the house and didn't see Ryoko. At first, he thought she was
upstairs taking a nap. He trod up the stairs into his room, no one there,
then

he went to Ryoko's room, no one there either. Tenchi thought, maybe she was
on the roof, but he didn't remember seeing her when he walked in and he

distinctly remembered checking up their before he came inside. Tenchi was
starting to get worried, she wasn't in any of the trees, he'd thought to
check by

the cave, but he didn't want to wander out there unless she was nowhere
else. Tenchi started to go downstairs, there he saw her, on the floor, her
body tense

she looked as if she were having the worst nightmare of her life. Tenchi
bounded down the stairs two at a time, he reached her, she was tense and
muttering

something he couldn't understand. He heard a slight "umph" he tried to wake
her up but he couln't, 'Is this anything like the nightmare before?' he
thought.

He noticed bruises on her face start to appear, this was not good at all.

Tenchi decided to do the only thing he could, he was told by Washu that
because of both their abilities to form the light hawk wings, they were able
to enter

eachother's dreams. Tenchi was thankful for this ability. He closed his eyes
and concentrated.

It was awful, he saw her standing infront of Kagato, he had just hit her, he
was now mocking her. The worst part is, he now found himself unable to move.
He

couln't help her in any way.

Again he built up another energy ball, suddenly he stopped. Tenchi had no
idea what had just happened. Then, the ball was let go. Ryoko was right in
the way,

Tenchi tried to shout but was drown out by the explosion.

After the blast subsided, Ryoko stood there, very beaten. She still glared
at Kagato, her eyes, if she had the ability, could burn a hole, right
through him.

Ryoko still could not move. It was really starting to get on her nerves.
Then, her body relaxed, and she fell to the ground. Tenchi tried to run to
his love

but he could not move. From behind, someone touched his shoulder and then
appeared in front of him, it was Tsunami. He stared pleadingly into her
eyes. She

merely shook her head. "She has to do this by herself, cherish your time and
do not be afraid of big things." was all Tsunami said. She disappeared.

Tenchi struggled with the invisible bonds that held him, to no avail.

In the mean time, Kagato walked over to Ryoko, he kicked her hard in the
side, "Get up. I am no where near through with you."

Ryoko pushed herself up, "And you think you're gettin off that easy?" Once
she stood up, she summond her energy blade and flew at Kagato. Thrusting it
out in

front of her. Kagato barely had any time to dodge the rapid attack. However,
he stepped aside, and had time to hit her sharply in the side with his arm.
Ryoko

flew across the room, skidding to a hault using her nails as she tried to
dig into the floor, also hopping her shoes would provide some friction to
keep her from

hitting the wall. She stopped and dived at Kagato. Again, he stepped aside,
this time, he kicked her in the arm. Tenchi heard a sickening "pop" as Ryoko
hit.

the ground. Ryoko was fighting a losing battle. It was then she noticed,
Kagato sported the Master Key of Jurai.

'No wonder he's so strong. This is not going to be easy.' Ryoko thought to
herself.

Before she could get up, she saw a hand pointing down to her. Kagato stould
above her, obviously preparing for a final assault.

"Let me prove just how worthless you are." An energy ball formed in his
hand. Tenchi tried to yell, but, to his surprise, his voice was gone. Ryoko
closed her

eyes,ready for it to come.

"I was going to use you for something, but I suppose your hidden energy is
no more than we've seen here now. What a pity, I may have spared you, all
those years

of torment for me, ahh, what a waste." Kagato seemed to be thinking about
something.

Ryoko took this opportunity to move away.

Kagato frowned at her. She was using more of the wit he had taught her than
he liked. The thing was, he was sure she was much stronger, but why was she
not letting

go? Kagato then looked over and saw Tenchi. 'The boy, but does she know,
perhaps, oh well,' he thought to himself. "It's time Ryoko."

Ryoko looked very confused.

Kagato powered a energy saber and dived at Ryoko.

All of a sudden, a little girl appeared, right in front of Ryoko.

"Get out of the way!!" Ryoko screamed.

"All is well Ryoko, the griffen is here." the little girl said.

"What are you talking about, MOVE!" Ryoko was frantic, she couldn't stand to
see the little girl die at her cost.

"All is well, the giffen is here. Be well Ryoko, he does love you." said the
girl again just as Kagato drove the energy saber through her chest.

Kagato rather upset at missing Ryoko, scowled at the corpse of the little
girl. She had blue eyes, lavendar hair, and she was about Sasami's age.

Ryoko broke down, she kneeled next to the girl and started to cry, the
strange thing was, she had no idea who the little girl was. Ryoko felt a
sort of connection to the girl.

"Ok Ryoko, what did that girl mean?" Kagato asked a little nervous about the
griffen, he had heard of that griffen somewhere before.

"How am I supposed to know, you should."

Tenchi was a little more that surprised, he had not noticed that he was now
able to move.

After the intial shock was over, he slowly walked over to Ryoko who was
still crying over the mysterious little girl. Tenchi put his arm around her,
trying to get her to calm down.

"B-b-but Tenchi, I d-didn't even know her. Why would she do something like
that? What did she mean?" Ryoko sobbed

"I'm not sure Ryoko, I just don't know." Tenchi was trying to comfort Ryoko
who was now frantically sobbing.

Kagato, who had been pretty much pushed out of the picture, walked up to the
trio on the floor. His face a mask of horror now. He had finally realized
where he had heard that griffen

from.

All without warning, three blue beams of lights with white balls of energy
on the end, shot out of the little girls wound. They struck Ryoko in her
gems. She stiffened, it looked as if

she had just passed out sitting up. A sort of blue aura surrounded her. She
floated to almost touching the roof of the room. Ryoko felt as if she were
pushed out of her body, and was

now watching herself from the ground. Tenchi, holding the Tenchi-ken, only
stared at her, as did Kagato, unable to move from the shock. Adding to the
energy coming from the little girl,

the Tenchi-ken flew out of Tenchi's hands and up to Ryoko, energy from the
sword entered her through her gems as well. The aura was now starting to get
white.

The energy had stopped flowing from the girl and the Tenchi-ken. A bright
light threatened to blind the two men gaping at Ryoko.

After the light faded, there floated a woman wearing a completely different
suit, it was blue, the top was cut short, both of the straps came together
over her left shoulder. From that, on

small strings, was something like a sleeve that looped around her middle
finger with the help of a ring. Her skirt was cut just above her knees, with
a longer, overlapping one that was slit

up to the waist, this was for the most part blue with a silver lining. On
her ankles, she wore two anklets, one was sky blue and the other was
lavendar. These were on her right ankle. Her

hair now had silver streaks in it. The two gems on her wrists were now gone,
but the one on her neck was now a blueish color. Perhaps the most amazing
thing, at least to Tenchi, was the fact

that Ryoko now had ten wings. Two pair were on her back, one on her neck,
one pair on each of her wrists, and one pair on her ankles. It was truely
and amazing sight indeed.

This scared Kagato to no end. "No, not the griffen, not her. How could this
happen? I tried to make her as horrible as possible, this can't be!" Kagato
nearly shouted his last statement.

Tenchi looked at Kagato, who now only stood about a foot away from him,
"What do you mean?" Tenchi asked, concerned for Ryoko.

"I mean, the griffen has choosen her. How naive I was, I can't believe I
overlooked this."

"WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?" Tenchi was now frustrated. He was hoping
nothing was wrong with Ryoko, also, he didn't want Kagato to have and
advantage to take Ryoko away from him again.

"I mean the griffen has choosen her. You should know boy, the griffen choose
your mother as well."

Tenchi's mouth went agape. What did he just say? The griffen choose his
mother? What did that mean?

As if reading his mind, Kagato began to explain. "The griffen will choose
the most pure heart he can find, then, the receive the 10 Wings of the
Griffen." After seeing the confusion on Tenchi's

face, Kagato explained more, "The 10 Wings of the Griffen are like the Light
Hawk Wings, only much more powerful. I had known that the griffen was going
to chose her, she had to much of a pure

heart. She never wanted to destroy when I made her, it was only a matter of
time. I was hoping if I made her bad enough, the griffen would overlook her.
But, I was wrong. I suppose this is the

end."

All of a sudden, Kagato leaped at Ryoko, she was still gathering energy. She
opened her eyes, they looked like that of a hawks, Kagato froze, he couldn't
move, they seemed to hypnotize him. Ryoko

felt her subconscience push her back. She raised her arm, the Master Key of
Jurai, which happened to look like a gaunlet, flew off Kagato's arm and onto
Ryoko's. The gauntlet then disappeared. Tenchi

could feel himself get warm. It was a sensation that went through his whole
body, then, in his mind, he heard the voice of Ryoko, "All is well Tenchi,
the griffen is hear." Tenchi smiled. He knew,

everything would be ok now.

"NO!" Kagato shouted as he saw the Master Key disappear, "She has
assimilated with the Key. How can this be possible?"

Ryoko could feel her power skyrocket. 'This was it,' she thought, 'it's now
or never.' Ryoko dived at Kagato, forming in her hand, a bright white energy
saber.

Kagato could only marvel, he had brought out Ryoko's true power, only now,
he could not retain it.

Ryoko flew toward Kagato, upon reaching him, she screamed, drove the energy
blade into Kagato's chest. This caused a huge explosion. The rest of the
dream faded out.

***********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

Ryoko shot awake, 'What was that all about?' She thought. Ryoko noticed she
was crying and sweating. She also noticed something else, she was in her
room. "But the last thing I remembered was,"

Ryoko stopped herself, beside her, was a still sleeping Tenchi. 'How cute'
she thought to herself. Ryoko was still replaying the dream in her head. She
came to the part of the little girl.

"She gave her life for me. She seemed to know me, but who was she. So
innocent, lost upon uncarring emotions." Ryoko recognized the last statement
as a quote Washu had told her about her time with

Kagato.

Ryoko started to cry, for the girl. She knew her from somewhere, and yet,
she was so different, it was almost as if the whole thing was planned. The
girl was not afraid.

Ryoko hugged herself close, crying that such a little girl had died to help
her gain the needed amount of energy to form her final stage.

Unbenonste to Ryoko, Tenchi had woken up. He saw her crying, he instantly
knew why. "It's ok Ryoko, it was only a dream. Nothing more." Tenchi put his
arm around Ryoko, trying his best to comfort her.

Ryoko completely submersed her face into Tenchi's chest as she sobbed, just
barely getting out, "I don't think so, Washu told me that things like these
are premonitions. I don't think I can deal with something

like that again. She was so, so, innocent, she never did anything, just
stood there, yet, she wasn't afraid. It scared me."

Tenchi had never seen this side of Ryoko before. He felt a little sorry for
her. He tried to change the subject, "Have you any idea how we got here?"

Ryoko immediately looked up, her crying had ceased, "None whatsoever." she
said simply.

"Well I do." Washu walked in with a tray of food for both of them, "Bet
you're hungry huh?"

Tenchi facefaulted.

As if in response, Ryoko's stomach growled. "Now that ya mention it...."

Washu smiled lovingly at her daughter, then saw the look on Tenchi's face.
"Well I wasn't about to leave you on the floor. Let me put it this way. I
came out of my lab, sensing somthing very wrong with Ryoko's

energy fluctuations, um, never mind that," Washu said trying to make it
sound simple, "anyway, I figured she was having a dream of some sort, so I
decided to peak in. What I saw amazed me, I took more of an interest

and decided that I was gonna see what happened, so, I carried Ryoko up here.
Well, when I found Tenchi there, I figured I'd better bring him too. You
were right Ryoko, this was no ordinary dream, this was a

premonition. I have a feeling, it's not going to be very long until it comes
either." Washu finished with a concerned look on her face.

"What?" asked Ryoko.

"Well, despite what you may have felt in that dream, I honestly don't think
you'd be able to handle that kind of energy. It seemed way up on the
scales."

"So basically, what you're saying is, that I can't handle it?" Ryoko looked
offened.

"Let me put it to you this way, the power, it rivaled, maybe be even excels,
that of Tsunami's."

Tenchi and Ryoko facefaulted.

"Well," said Washu in a more cheery tone, "eat up, you need to make up for
two days of no eating.

Again, Tenchi and Ryoko facefaulted.

"Two days?!" Ryoko practically yelled.

Washu smiled and left the two along with their breakfast.

************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

(Later that day)

Tenchi had taken a sick day from school. Much to his surprise, his
grandfather had allowed him to miss school as well as training, but, as
expected, only for one day.

He sat on the couch, watching a tv show that caught his interest. Ryoko was
in making lunch, still very upset about the dream. Washu had requested to
see her in her lab after dinner (Washu promtly added that no

testing would be done, only talking). Having heard this, Ryoko agreed.

"Lunch is ready." said Ryoko, her voice shaking.

Tenchi calmly walked into the kitchen, careful not to startle Ryoko like he
had been doing, not on purpose, all day. He sat at the table and awaited
lunch to be served. As always, the kitchen smelled wonderful.

"It smells good." said Tenchi quietly.

Ryoko turned around and put on the cheesiest grin she could muster. Seeing
this, Tenchi giggled. Ryoko wasn't able to help herself, she started to
giggle as well, soon, it was an all out laugh-a-thon.

Ryoko soon was on her knees, clutching her sides, trying to get them to stop
hurting from all the laughter, and trying to stop her tears at the same
time.

She finally gathered her composure and sat at the table. She started to eat
when she noticed Tenchi staring at her.

"What?" Ryoko asked looking at her hands.

Tenchi contiued to stare at her, Ryoko checked her face with her hands. Her
eye itched and she closed it and rubbed the eye with her hand.

Tenchi seemed to snap our of whatever trance he was in. 'Geez, one of these
days I'm gonna get myself in trouble with that.' He smiled to himself Tenchi
couln't help himself, he liked her eyes.

Ryoko seemed to notice this and stared at Tenchi, her head in her hands.
Tenchi took notice and tried as hard as he could not to stare, but, as
usual, he couldn't help himself. She giggled and turned her head down to

eat. Ryoko was feeling better, knowing that she did have a shoulder to cry
on. She was actually relieved she could show emotion and not get scolded or
laughed at for it. Tenci was understanding, he seemed to crack her

tough outter-shell, and all he had to do was smile =^_^= !!!

****************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

(In Washu's Lab)

`

"Actally Ryoko, I kinda lied, I want to do a test on you, it's nothing big,
and, um, no needles."

"Well, I'm outta here."

"No wait, I gurantee you'll benefit from this."

"I AM NOT BEING TESTED ON!!"

"But, but, um, Tenchi wants you to."

"Really?"

"Um, yeah."

"Fine, what are you going to do."

"Well, I actually have to get something from Tenchi to do this, so, maybe I
should wait."

"Why not just go and get it?"

"Because I don't like stealing." Washu gave Ryoko a frustrated glare.

"Sheesh, ok, I'm sure he'd let you borrow it anyway."

"Regardless, I'm actually quite surprised that you are volunteering for this
test, it's not going to be a walk in the park like most of mine."

"Ummm, sure, what ARE you going to do to me."

"Oh, you'll find out. I just can't believe I didn't ask him before he went
to town. Grrr."

"Oh well, toooo bad." Ryoko said sarcastically. She teleported out of the
lab only to find herself back at the table. "Hey, what's going on here?"

"I made it so you couldn't teleport out of here. Sort of Ryoko-proof."

"Great, now can't you make it Mihoshi-proof?"

"I'm working on it. Hey, I think Tenchi's home." Washu stated excitedly.

Tenchi walked in the door and was bumbared by an overenthusiastic Washu. She
yanked him upstairs and into his room.

"Hey Little Washu, what's going on here?" Tenchi asked.

"I want to know if I can borrow your Tenchi-ken."

"What for?" Tenchi was quite surprised at the request.

"It's an experiment with Ryoko, I have a pretty solid hypothesis, but, as
you know, a hypothesis can only be proven when tested.." Washu was grinning
broadly.

Tenchi allowed her to take the Tenchi-ken. Washu ran off grinning from ear
to ear. After she was well into her lab. Tenchi put two and two together and
ran after Washu, afraid for Ryoko.

"Washu wait!! Hey, hold on!" Tenchi raced downstairs and struggled with the
knob to the broom closet/lab. It was then that he heard Ryoko's screams of
pain. He burst in to find Washu ramming the hilt of the sword into

Ryoko's right shoulder blade. "WASHU, WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?!!"
Tenchi ran to Ryoko's side and tried to force Washu off. Unfortunately,
Washu was all but determined to stay right there.

Ryoko couldn't move, the searing pain cut through her like a knife. 'Washu,
what are you doing?' Ryoko tried to open up the mental link, but, it gave
her a rather large headache added to the pain. To her, it was like

needles sticking into her all over her body.

Finally Tenchi was able to force Washu off. Not realizing how strong his
push was, Tenchi forced Washu at least halfway across the lab. She backed
away breathing heavily, a small smile creeping across the mad sciendists

face.

"What were you thinking, you know that hurts her. It robs her of her
energy."

"Now, if you'll give me a chance to explain..." said Washu not even looking
at the now unconscience body of Ryoko, lying on the table.

"Ummm, Little Washu, what's going on?" interupted Tenchi as he looked and
found Ryoko in quiet a different outfit. She was also glowing with a sort of
blue aura.

"Like I was trying to say, the sword doesn't take her power away Tenchi, it
gives it to her."

"What do you mean? Come on Washu, what ARE you talking about, just spit it
out."

"What did you call me? Anyway, I am trying to say that, here, let me start
at the beginning. The first day of her 'dream' I was monitoring her. Oh,
well, maybe both days..."

"Little Washu, please." Tenchi was starting to get impatient.

"Grr, WILL YOU LET ME TALK, IT'S VERY FRUSTRATING GETTING INTERUPTED YOU
KNOW!"

"I'm sorry," Tenchi looked down at the floor, "Please continue"

"Thank you, anyway, while I was monitoring the dream, I noticed that when
Ryoko used those wings you saw, the Ten Wings of the Griffen, it used the
Tenchi-ken to gain some of it's power. Now, I know what you must be

thinking, how on Earth could that happen? Well, let me tell you I have no
idea, surprised, so am I. Let me get on before you interupt again." At this
time, Ryo-ohki came in and layed next to the still unconscience

Ryoko. Washu took notice. "Poor girl, she's gonna miss out on all this
conversation. Well, where was I, oh yes, she used the power of the
Tenchi-ken and you Tenchi, well, more your Light Hawk Wings, as well as the

Master Key of Jurai. All these plus more helped Ryoko ubtain her new wings.
Now, this is where my hypothesis is put into motion. As I sat here and
watched the dream, I formed knew that if she just tried to summon

this stuff up on her own, she would probably die, the exhaustion from the
rapid energy intake would wear her body down too much. This is when I
thought of the Tenchi-ken, if it helped her gain that kind of power then,

it may help 'train' her now. You see, the Tenchi-ken doesn't take energy
from her, it gives her too much energy at a very rapid pace, therefore,
causing pain to her, probably like thousands of needles stabbing her at a

time. Now, you may ask, why put her at risk and just shove the thing on her,
I mean, it can still very well kill her, well, for now, it's not going to,
not if you know how long to keep it there. Lemme explain, the

duration of time I had the sword on her was one minute. That caused her to
form into the costume you see now," Tenchi looked down at Ryoko, "yeah, that
one. That amount of time was too long for her body to handle, don't

worry, she's not dead, only in a coma, she'll come out of it in about two
hours, give or take a few minutes. Anything longer and she may have
died.Luckily, I've figured out the proper amount of time to hold the sword
on

her, about five seconds. That will have enough time to get in the right
amount of energy. If you're still confused, don't worry about a lot of what
I have just told you, understand that, this is a type of training for

her, something to help her get accostomed to massive amounts of energy
intake. The first few days will cause great amounts of pain, but, from then
on, she will get used to it.

"Ummm....Little Washu, what about when Ayeka touched her with this thing a
while ago, why didn't she transform then?"

"Well Tenchi, Ryoko had no will to transform, she basically didn't want to."

Tenchi looked very confused, training, the first few days, what was that all
about? Unbeknownst to him, Washu could now read his thoughts.

"Well, let me put it to you this way, soon after Ayeka and Sasami get back
is when I think Kagato will strike again, he will kidnap Ryoko and attempt
to take the inner energy she has. If we train now, we can be ready.

Tenchi slowly nodded his head, he was also now aware yet still surprised,
that Washu could read his thoughts. 'Great' he thought, 'and whose going to
have to do this?'

Washu's face lit up, "You of course."

Tenchi was afraid of this, he didn't want to hurt her but he knew that if he
didn't, she'd probably die. He nodded his head and mentally thanked her.
Then, he slowly walked out of the lab to do somthing to distract his

mind before he got an exploding head ache.

*******************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

*******************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************

END CHAPTER 2

Phew, long, for me anyways, but, I loved writin' it. Hope you liked readin
it. Comments are greatly appreciated, whether it be good, bad, inbetween,
doesn't matter, cyas!

Coming soon to a site near you, Tenchi and Ryoko, Forever Dreams: Chapter 3:
The Return

OH, and I don't think that'll be as long. TTFN

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Send and receive Hotmail on your mobile device: Click Here
