**Disclaimer** I do not own Tenchi or any of the characters within this
story. Pioneer Animation

and AIC does. Please do not sue me.**

Tenchi and Ryoko: Forever Dreams: Chapter 3: Ayeka's Return

Ayeka returns, but, is it really the welcome home she wanted?

*****************************************************************************

It had been two weeks since Ryoko's strange dream and she hadn't had one
like it in quite a while. She was still rather

upset about it, like who was the girl, what was going on in general. All she
knew was that Washu had told her that she

had to "train" using that stupid sword. Four times a day having it jammed
into her shoulder for five seconds, passing

out each time.

Waking up in a rather bad mood, Ryoko stumbled out of her rooom, down the
stairs, and into the kitchen. Seeing no one

there, Ryoko went back upstairs to see if Tenchi were still in bed. When she
reached the door, she slowly turned the knob

and opened the door. On the bed, she saw Tenchi still asleep, snoring
softly. Ryoko smiled, she liked watching him sleep,

he seemed so peaceful. Ryoko glanced down at the alarm clock on his bedside
table, it read 1:30.

"Grrrrr" Ryoko sighed, of course, why couldn't she get a good night sleep?

Tenchi started to stir, he was tossing and turning in his sleep. It was like
a bad dream. Ryoko panicked a little, 'Oh no,

not the dream.' She thought to herself. Ryoko dropped to her knees and
stroked Tenchi's hair, trying to calm him. When

this didn't work, she started to sing a lullaby to herself, trying to calm
her. Tenchi seemed to hear this and immediately

calmed down. Ryoko was stunned, she had stopped singing and Tenchi started
to stir again. Ryoko sang again, Tenchi calmed

down. She sat on the floor, her back to the bed and sang the lullaby clear
and beautifully. Tenchi smiled in his sleep.

Tenchi awoke and crawled out of bed. He put his foot down and came in
contact with something. He was about to scream out when

he looked down and found a sleeping Ryoko, sitting against his bed. He
smiled to himself. 'Should I be flattered?' Tenchi

thought to himself. He picked her up gently and laid her on his bed. It was
then that he noticed her lips moving, at first,

Tenchi thought Ryoko had woken up, but, in fact, she was asleep. She was
singing something. Tenchi sat next to her and listened

for a little while, he found himself slipping into a trance, he loved her
voice, it had a haunting peacefulness about it. Soon

Tenchi realized the song was the very song he heard in his dream.

"I don't believe it." Tenchi giggled to himself. She had sung him to sleep.
Tenchi was a little embarrased, 'But,' he thought,

'I really don't mind, it was kinda nice. Something just we can share.'
Tenchi had to stop himself, was this really him talking?

He said he loved Ryoko and all, but what about Ayeka, what was she going to
think? Tenchi knew she was going to be torn apart by

this. 'Ah well,' he thought, 'this was the price for love.' If he dared to
love one of them, it meant her had to hurt the other.

Tenchi never wanted to hurt either of them, then he thought about a
conversation he had with Washu one day.

(Flashback)

"So Tenchi, who is it?"

"Washu, what are you talking about?" Tenchi had been requested to talk with
the scientist, he was no doubt nervous. But, so far,

Washu had tried nothing but to talk. "oh, you mean between Ryoko and Ayeka?"

"Very good, now, you HAVE narrowed it down to them right?"

"Um, yeah, I think, I mean Mihoshi is..."

"Well, who is it?" Washu interupted.

"I CAN'T CHOOSE!"

"I'm not asking you to choose, that makes it sound like they are some prize
to be won, I am asking you to tell me which one you

love."

"Both I suppose, why do you ask?"

"Tenchi, don't try and fool me, I know which one you love, now, can I say as
much for you?"

"I have no idea what you are talking about."

"Tenchi, listen to me, you may think that telling them is going to hurt one,
but, as far as Ryoko is concerned, and I'm not saying

Ayeka feels the same way, but I'd assume she does, you are hurting both of
them more by not telling them."

"Little Washu..."

"Have you any idea how many times I've had to convince Ryoko not to leave,
that you'd be telling her soon, it has been hard and

frankly, I am sick and tired of them fighting, you acting clueless but in
fact knowing who it was going to be all along, and I am

sick of them tearing themselves apart for your love. Just tell them, it
really won't be that hard, believe it or not, they will

accept your decision."

Tenchi was stunned, he knew exactly what Washu was saying. The thought that
crossed his mind was, was he really taking advantage

of them? He knew that answer.

That night, Tenchi lay in bed rolling over his thoughts, he really couldn't
say which he loved enough. Washu knew, but, he couldn't

ask her, she had already done too much for him. This was Tenchi's decision,
he had to make it by himself. He decided to wing it,

spend time with each of them and see what happened.

The next day, he found Ryoko floating just above him, sleeping. He smiled to
himself, today was day one.

Tenchi spent the day with both Ryoko and Ayeka, still he couldn't decide,
'Who was it?' he thought to himself.

Over the next few days, Tenchi couldn't see who he perferred to spend more
time with, but, the amount of arguments started by Ayeka,

concerning Ryoko spending too much time with Tenchi increased. Granted,
there were still several that Ryoko started.

Then, one day, Ayeka out of the blue, says she has to go back to Jurai for
some festival and Kiyone and Mihoshi had to go back to GP

HQ for something. Tenchi found himself a little happy to be able to be alone
with Ryoko. And here he was, he had found the one he

loved. She slept peacefully on his bed, still singing in her sleep.

Tenchi smiled at her. 'Well,' he thought, 'I hope you were right Washu, I
really don't want to hurt Ayeka.'

Ryoko turned in her sleep and opened her eyes. She saw Tenchi looking in her
eyes smiling. "Well good morning to you, and how was

your night?"

"It got better."

Ryoko smiled, "I'm glad."

"You sang to me!"

"Yes I did. Did you like it?"

"Um... acutally I did, it was nice. You have a beautiful voice."

Ryoko blushed, she still couldn't believe her luck, here she was, all alone,
with the one she loved more than life itself.

"I wouldn't call it luck, just good timing." Tenchi smiled at Ryoko's shock,
she still hadn't known that ever since her dream,

Tenchi, Washu, and Ryoko shared a telepathic link. "You didn't know?"

"No, as a matter of fact, I didn't." Ryoko was a little taken aback by the
sudden knowledge that her and Tenchi had shared

something just for themselves.

"Well, Washu can actually hear us unless we talk on a different frequency.

Ryoko just stared at him completely shocked. Tenchi smiled at her, "Well,
unless you made

breakfast at 1:30 in the morning, I think dad or someone else did, and I'm
hungry. So let's go!" Tenchi took Ryoko's hand and

helped her off the bed and downstairs.

*****************************************************************************

(Later that day)

Ryoko felt as if she were living a dream. Everything was perfect, Tenchi and
her were together, Washu was actually leaving her

alone. And best of all, no Ayeka to ruin the perfect atmosphere. The only
problem was....

"Oh Little Ryoooookoooooo! It's time for your traaaaaiiiniiiiinnnng!" came
Washu's nasally voice, tearing Ryoko from her thoughts.

She stood up from her perch atop the Masaki roof and teleported to the
ground next to her mother. Rolling her eyes, she thought,

'There goes one perfect thing.' In her mind, she could hear Tenchi giggling
at her. Ryoko mentally frowned at him. He giggled some

more and closed his side of the link.

"You really DON'T have to call me 'Little Ryoko' Washu."

"AHEM???"

"OK, you don't have to call me little Ryoko, mooooom." Ryoko again rolled
her eyes.

"You needn't concern yourself with that right now. It is time for training
and Tenchi is waiting in the carrot fields for you."

This was the only time in her life that Ryoko hadn't wanted to be with
Tenchi. She didn't even want the power that she supposedly

had. She had tried to tell Washu that maybe if they didn't train and left
Ryoko like she was, maybe they wouldn't have to worry and

she wouldn't have to use her powers. Washu had strongly disagreed and said
that the reason she used those wings was because she

was fighting on shear emotion and if the whole thing replayed itsself, there
was no telling what would happen and that she'd best

prepare for the worst. Ryoko sighed and teleported to the fields.

Tenchi shook his head and let out a small sigh of laughter. At times, Ryoko
could be the most frightening person Tenchi had ever met,

but, then at other times, she was the funniest. He couldn't help laughing,
although he knew she didn't like it that much, she was

willing to put up with, only acting like it annoyed her. Sometimes he
thought though, it may really have bothered her, especially

when Ayeka laughed at her.

He felt a ting at the back of his mind that told him that the object of his
thoughts was right behind him. He turned around with a big

grin on his face, he knew she had been there reading his thoughts.

"So, you think you have me alllll figured out, don't you?" Ryoko tried to
sport the most serious face she could, but failed miserably.

Finding this, she flew into Tenchi's waiting arms. The force of the embrace
almost knocked Tenchi down. However, he managed to keep

his balance and return the embrace. Tenchi pulled away and looked into those
mesmerizing amber eyes. They showed nothing but shear

joy of the moment. He leaned forward and kissed Ryoko. She returned and they
stood there for a little while lost in the kiss. Ryoko's

thoughts crossed with Tenchi's.

'What are you thinking?' she mentally asked Tenchi.

'About how much I don't want to do what I am about to.' Tenchi broke the
kiss and looked again into her eyes, only this time, they

weren't happy, but, a little sad.

"You have to do what you have to do. I suppose this is for the better."
Ryoko looked down to the ground and stepped away from Tenchi's

comforting arms. He pulled out the Tenchi-ken and slowly pressed it against
Ryoko's shoulder. The scream she let out tore Tenchi to

pieces, he never wanted to hurt her in any

way, but, like she said, this was for the best.

Those agonizing seconds felt like hours for Ryoko as the pain tore at her
body from the energy her body was taking in. Her battle suit

phased in and for about a millisecond, Tenchi thought he saw wings coming
out of Ryoko's back, two of them.

At the last second, Tenchi pulled the sword away and Ryoko fell to her
knees, breathing hard, trying her best to hold on to conscienc-

eness. Tenchi knelt next to her and mentally asked if she was alright.

"Well," she responded, "I am still awake and able to keep this thing." Ryoko
nodded her head to her now light blue skirt. "I'd have

to say we are making progress." Ryoko was extremely winded and could not
stand up by herself. Tenchi helped her up to her feet and

supported her to a nearby rock to sit until she regained control.

Ryoko sat and watched Tenchi work the fields, she liked watching him, it
felt like she was protecting him from something, she didn't

know what, but, it just felt good to her.

"So, you think I need to be protected do you?" Tenchi was smiling at the
once again shocked Ryoko. He went and sat next to her and

put his arm around her waist and moved his face forward in expantancy of a
kiss. However, Ryoko placed her finger to his lips,

stopping him.

"Would you rather me not be here?" Ryoko was stopped from any other
arguments when Tenchi pulled her hand away and kissed her.

'No, I think I'm just fine with you right here.' thought Tenchi. 'The only
problem is, I have to go meet grandfather at the shrine.'

'That can be arranged.' Ryoko smiled in her thoughts. Without breaking the
kiss, Ryoko teleported them out of the fields and toward

the shrine.

Little did they know, a person was watching them from behind a bush,
watching the couple in awe.

*****************************************************************************

"Ooooohhhh, I can't wait until we get home, Tenchi's going to be so
surprised!" Sasami was laughing and practically dancing around

the tree ship Ryu-oh. Ayeka smiled at her younger sister. She was a little
depressed actually, the festival was so beautiful and fun,

it was a shame it had to end like that. Over a small fire, it was too bad it
ended so early. She was exstatic though, that she was

able to go home, back to Tenchi. Unfortunately, Ryoko had to be there as
well. It's not that she didn't trust the expirate, it's just

that she didn't want to admit to herself that she did. Like it or not, Ryoko
was a woman of her word.

"Entering Earth's atmosphere," came a voice from the hull of the ship. Ayeka
led her sister away from the bridge and took them into

the living quarters of the tree ship to get ready to land. Sasami went
skipping all the way.

* * *

Back on Earth, Ayeka stepped out of the ship and took a big breath of the
country air that was Okayama, at least, where Tenchi lived.

She looked at Sasami, who was absolutely bursting with energy, and told her,
"Sasami, why don't you go fetch Lord Tenchi, he is

probably in the fields by now." Sasami nodded and raced off to the family
carrot fields.

Ayeka on the other hand, was ready to storm into a completely messy house,
find Ryoko and chew her out for her laziness. Commenting on

how Tenchi could ever love someone who always took the easy way out. All of
a sudden a thought crossed Ayeka's mind, 'What if he has

gone insane, spending this amount of time alone with her must have been
torture.' Ayeka grinned to herself and walked from the lake,

into the house.

She froze, the house was spottless. Not even Sasami could make it sparkle
this much! Ayeka felt faint and went to sit in the couch.

It was then that she noticed the peculiar absence of the scent of cherry
blossoms. She looked up and didn't find Ryoko laying on her

usual rafter. Ayeka went to check in her room, no Ryoko. She even got as
desperate to check in Tenchi's room, she wasn't there.

Getting a little nervous, Ayeka decided to walk up to the shrine.

* * *

Sasami ran as fast as she could. Completely out of breath, she leaned on a
tree to support her so she could get air back to her lungs

and stop her sides from hurting so. She was giggling to herself, she
couldn't wait to see the look on Tenchi's face when he found that

they had come back early. The little princess was lost in thought when an
all to familiar voice reached her ears.

"MIYAAAAAA!"

The little cabbit bolted down from a the tree and into Sasami's arms.
Ryo-ohki was overjoyed to see her best friend once again.

Sasami was now giggling uncontrollably while the cabbit purred loudly,
rubbing her heard fiercly on Sasami's chin.

"Heeheehee, ok, Ryo-ohki, we gotta find Tenchi, hey, stop that, it tickles."

The cabbit jumped out of Sasami's arms and went racing off in the directioh
of the fields. Sasami soon followed suit, almost as fast as

her.

When the energetic pair arrived, Sasami's eyes fell on Tenchi and she was
about to sprint out and give him the biggest hug of his life.

Ryo-ohki however, stopped her when Ryoko appeared behind Tenchi. Sasami and
Ryo-ohki watched behind a bush while Ryoko jumped into

Tenchi's arms. They saw when Tenchi kissed her, and when he pushed the
Tenchi-ken into Ryoko. Sasami was about to jump out and demand

an explaination, but, again Ryo-ohki stopped her, shaking her head. Sasami
just watched and was amazed when she saw two wings appear

and disappear on Ryoko's back, and when her costume changed. She saw Ryoko
fall to her knees and Tenchi help her up, she saw the second

kiss and the two disappear.

"Oh, how romantic," Sasami thought out loud.

"Miya" Ryo-ohki agreed.

"Oh, I'll bet they went to the shrine, let's go meet them!" Sasami started
to run back to the shrine when she heard a confused miya from her

friend. "Ryo-ohki?" Sasami asked confused.

Ryo-ohki felt a warmness in her, it seemed to be spreading throughout her
whole body. "Miya?"

Sasami walked over and picked up the cabbit. All of a sudden, Sasami felt
the ground leap out from under her and she was thrown forward.

Almost as soon as it started, Sasami felt her body come to a hault suddenly.
It knocked her to the ground. She stood up dazed and took

stock of her surroundings. It seemed as if they were outside the shrine.
Sasami smiled down at the incredibly dazed cabbit.

"You can teleport now Ryo-ohki!" Sasami laughed joyfully for her friend,
picked her up, tossed her gently in the air, and caught her

gingerly. Ryo-ohki was miya-ing happily all the while.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Sasami jumped as the scream reached her ears.
Recognizing the sound of Ayeka's outrageous scream, Sasami

ran to aide her sister in whatever trouble she may be in.

* * *

Ayeka had reached the top of the steps, rather out of breath. 'How can Lord
Tenchi make it up all these things?' Ayeka thought to her-

self. Upon reaching the top of the stairs, Ayeka was greated by her brother
Yosho, who also happened to be Tenchi's grandgather Katsuhito.

"Hello brother Yosho. I am delighted to see you, it seems the festival had
reached an unfortunate end."

"That's too bad Ayeka, and please, it is Katsuhito now."

Ayeka nodded sadly, still hoping to find a little of her brother left in the
old priest, but he still insisted on calling by his Earth name.

"Is Ryoko up here, I have looked all around the house, but she is nowhere to
be found."

"In fact, she is, although I don't think you would want to see her at the
moment."

"Of course, as much as I don't want to admit it, I would like to see her."

"As you wish, she and Tenchi are around back."

Ayeka's heart sank, could it be true, had Ryoko broken her pact? Ayeka
quickly came up with an excuse, Tenchi wouldn't let Ryoko touch him

in that way. They are probably training by the request of Washu and Yosho.
She walked around the back of the shrine and was greeted by

a most upsetting sight, there wrapped in Tenchi's arms, was Ryoko, sharing a
kiss with him. Tenchi was not pushing her away but, in fact,

accepting her. Ayeka didn't seem to see this, she saw Ryoko kissing Tenchi,
that was all. The pricess stormed over and shoved Ryoko off of

Tenchi.

Completely lost in the moment, Ryoko hadn't noticed the princess approach.
She only felt the force by which Ayeka threw her off of Tenchi.

Ryoko called out in protest, and surprise as she was thrown backwards onto
the ground.

Ayeka was immediately on her, her logs appearing and surrounding Ryoko.
Ryoko tried to get up to block herself, but, the surge of electricity

that came from the logs had already found her body. Ryoko screamed out.
Ayeka eventually stopped them. Tenchi was trying to stop her from

killing Ryoko, but all Ayeka could see was the traitor she thought she
trusted.

"Ayeka, please stop this, it wasn't Ryoko."

"Don't worry Tenchi, I'll take this thing's brainwashing off of you."

Tenchi was thoroughly offened by now. "Ayeka, stop this now," he ordered. It
was too late, from his grasp, the Tenchi-ken was ripped. Ayeka

stormed over to the pirate who was struggling to get up.

Ryoko hand came to her head, she was more shocked than hurt. What was going
on, why was Ayeka acting like this. Then it hit her, she must have

seen the kiss. Ryoko felt extremely guilt, she felt she had broken the pact.
She had no more time to ponder the emotion as a seiring pain ripped

throught her body. Ayeka forced the Tenchi-ken hard into Ryoko's shoulder.
Ryoko screamed, attempting to pull the sword from the princess' grasp,

failing miserably. Tenchi wrapped his arms around Ayeka trying to pull Ayeka
off of Ryoko, with no success.

"Ayeka stop this right now, it wasn't Ryoko, it was me." Tenchi was trying
to force Ayeka off and talk at the same time.

Finally, after about five minutes, Tenchi was successful, he and Ayeka flew
backwards and Ryoko fell, unconscience, to the ground.

Ayeka tried to jump up and start it all again, but, Tenchi pinned her to the
ground and made her listen to him.

"First of all, I have no idea where this came from," Tenchi tried
desperately to keep the flailing Ayeka down and talk to her, "but I don't
approve

of it, do you understand?"

"Tenchi, let me go, I have to teach that no-good excuse for a human being a
lesson about trust.":

"That's the other part, I can't stand you calling eachother names, Ayeka
listen, I kissed Ryoko."

Ayeka froze, she couldn't believe what she had just heard, why would Tenchi
do such a thing?

"She did not break you little pact, I did."

She was having a hard time registering this. Tears began to flow from her
eyes. However, she did not have enough times to think about it, as a

bright white light flashed from the place Ryoko was laying.

"No" was the only word Tenchi could seem to say. Ayeka was speechless, she
had no idea what was going on.

Sasami made it just in time to see Ryoko floating up from the ground, in her
battle suit, ten wings appearing on her back, neck, wrists, and

ankles. The little princess walked over to her sister and inquired as to
what was happening.

"I do not, no, this can't be." Ayeka was stunned as what was really
happening sunk in.

Sasami seemed to know what was happening as well, "I thought they were just
a bed time story Ayeka."

"So did I Sasami, so did I."

Another bright flash found Ryoko falling towards the ground, still sporting
her battle suit, but without the wings. Tenchi ran as fast as he

could to her. He caught Ryoko and knelt on the ground, attempting to get her
to wake up. A thought entered Tenchi's mind, he didn't know if

it was sent from Washu or not, it said, 'Anything longer and she would have
died.' The thought haunted Tenchi, that had been when Washu held

the sword on her for only one minute, with Ayeka, it had been five. Tenchi
was relieved when he found a pulse. A ping in his mind told Tenchi

that Washu was coming.

Ayeka was haunted by what she had just seen, could it be? But how? And why
Ryoko? The Ten Wings of the Griffen where specifically a Jurai

bases power, her father had told her that. He had also told her that the
last one to have that kind of power was sentenced to death for some

kind of ability that came with it. This made Ayeka uncomfortable, also the
scowl that Tenchi gave her before stepping through the dimensional

portal Washu had set up for easy access to her lab when she arrived.

In the lab, Washu ran about assembling a stasis cylinder to place Ryoko for
her to recover adequately.

"Place her on that table Tenchi."

"Um, ok, is she going to be alright?"

"I can't take the time to answer questions right now. Right now, I need some
answers. Was she at all prepared?"

"No, I don't think so."

"I DON'T NEED TO KNOW IF YOU THINK. WAS SHE?" Washu was frantic.

"Um, no, she wasn't" Tenchi was a little scared of the scientist right now.

"Did she fully transform?"

"Yes" Tenchi said flatly.

"How long was the duration?" Washu was dreading the answer to this question.

"Five minutes."

SMASH! Washu slammed her hands on her holotop computer. The answer did not
make her feel better at all. This was bad. "Tenchi, I need you to

leave now."

"But, Little Washu..."

"NOW" was Washu's only word as she set up wires and all sorts of machinery
to the stasis cylinder Ryoko was now floating in.

Tenchi quickly walked out of the lab, leaving the scientist to tend to her
daughter. He found Ayeka on the couch, crying with her heand in her

hands. He sat next to her and put his arm around her, trying to comfort her.

"It's ok, Ryoko's going to be alright."

"What have I done Tenchi, I'm not sure what came over me. Once I saw the
wings, I knew what I had done, I knew what was going on. She couldn't

handle all that energy. Oh Tenchi, you have no idea how sorry I am."

Sasami was in the kitchen, she heard the whole thing. She silently cried for
her sister, for Tenchi, for Washu, and mostly, for Ryoko. The small

cabbit perched on her head miyad sadly. All this saddness in the house was
getting to her. She looked down at Sasami, miyad, then hopped out the

open window. Sasami watched her go and sighed a little relieved, at least
someone wasn't breaking down.

Ryo-ohki sat on the roof, looking up at the clouds that passes by. She miyad
sadly to herself. It was so beautiful up here, she remember that

Ryoko really liked it up here. Ryo-ohki already missed her mistress. Glumly,
she phased through the roof into Washu's lab.

"What are you doing in here Ryo-ohki, you know I have to be alone."

"Miya?"

"Fine, I don't think you would be too much of a hazard."

Washu was gazing up at her unconscious daughter, floating in some type of
greenish transparent liquid inside the stasis cylinder. Washu was very

upset, she was hoping that the training she received would only decapacitate
Ryoko for a little while. Hopefully, she would stay alive. Washu

could feel the amount of energy coursinig through Ryoko's body at the
moment, it was intense. 'That fluid better be doing it's job.' Washu's

thought entered Tenchi's mind as he stepped through the doorway.

"Um, Little Washu, Sasami sent me to tell you breakfast was ready."

"I'll be taking it in here again."

"Washu," Tenchi was stern, he didn't think being couped up in here was very
healthy for Washu, "I really think it would be better for us all

if you joined us."

"Tenchi, I can't leave her side. Suppose she woke up, what would she think
then? She may even drown for all I know."

"Washu, you're being too hard on yourself, she will wake up." Tenchi shocked
Washu, in all her business, she had forgotten about the link they

shared and forgot to block it.

"I know, it's just very hard to explain. I feel partly responsible."

"Why?" Tenchi sported a very confused expression, why should she feel
responsible?

"Because I am her mother. I pretty much knew what was going to happen when
Ayeka found out, but I did nothing to stop it. That makes me feel

horrible."

Tenchi walked over and put a hand on her shoulder. She looked up at him and
he smiled. Washu, in turn smiled.

"So," Tenchi was trying to change the subject, "what does the liquid do?"

Washu detected his feeble attempt but decided to roll with it seeing it
would be better for both, "Well, I'm not sure if you could feel the

energy flowing throughout her body or not but I can. What the liquid is
SUPPOSED to be doing is absorbing much of that energy. I'm not sure

if it will work all the way because there is so much energy present but my
machines have recorded a 25% energy loss by her so it must be doing

something right."

Tenchi again smiled. This was good news. "Now, are you sure when she is
going to wake up?"

"Well, I can't say that for sure, but, if there are no more complications,
she should be able to come out of that tube in about two more days.

From there, this genius is stumped. I can't really say if she is going to
wake at all, it depends on how much the energy has exhausted her."

Tenchi was a little uneasy, he didn't want to see Ryoko like this. The very
thought of her not waking up just disturbed him. And then there

was Ayeka,if Ryoko didn't wake up, Ayeka was going to live with the guilt
all her life, it would tear her apart. He was worried. Even since

all these girls had come to his home, life had been anything but normal.
Tenchi had to admit, it had been anything but normal. It could be

fun at times, but, like this time, it could be aweful. Tenchi left the super
genius to her thoughts, closing off his end of the links, he

walked out of the lab.

"Washu's not joining us?" Sasami's voice interupted Tenchi's own thoughts.

"No, I'm afraid not."

Sasami scowled, sighed, turned on her heels, and walked back into the
kitchen.

*****************************************************************************

(Two days later)

Tenchi sighed, it had been at least two days since Ayeka and Sasami had
returned. They had gone to the city to do some sisterly bonding.

Tenchi was in the fields. It was just too quiet without the usual
explosions. What he missed more than that was the ping in his mind that told

him his love was standing right behind him. He missed holding her in an
embrace hoping that it would never end. He missed that scent of cherry

blossoms that came with her everywhere she went. It was at that moment that
Tenchi felt a certain ping in his mind. He looked behind him but

no one was there, another one told him that Washu was trying to get ahold of
him. Tenchi opened his link and her voice could be heard in his

head.

'Tenchi, I need you to come home right away.' Washu's voice sounded urgent.

Fearing the worst, Tenchi started towards the house when he ran smack into a
door.

"What the..."

The door opened and a hand emerged and pulled Tenchi into the blackness.

Tenchi screamed out until he found himself in Washu's lab standing next to
the cylinder. It was currently unoccupied. He looked around to find

everyone standing around minus Washu.

"Anyone know what is going on here?" Tenchi was baffled. He had no idea how
he was where he was and why everyone was standing around here.

Mostly he wanted to know where Ryoko was.

"I am here to answer some of the questions you have." came Washu's voice as
she stepped out of the shadows. Right next to Tenchi a bed appeared

and on it was Ryoko.

"Washu, what is going on?"

"Well, as I have told you, today Ryoko was supposed to be capable of coming
out of the cylinder, now, before you start bombarding me with

questions, I want to say, she has made a wonderful recovery and she should
be able to wake up. Now, for the reason I have dragged Tenchi here,

and also Ayeka, I want to say that I think it would be better if Ryoko
stayed in Tenchi's room for the duration she is in this state. It would

be better to have someone watching over her twenty four hours a day."

"B-b-but, Little Washu," Ayeka was taken aback by the request, "why? I mean,
wouldn't it be better if she stayed her with you."

"Unfortunately, I can't allow that, I am working on an important experiment
and I can have no one else in here."

"So, this experiment is more important?" Ayeka asked sinsterly.

"As a matter of fact, this experiment may prove to benefit Ryoko as well as
many other on other planets as well."

Ayeka was taken aback by this comment. No one knew what she was talking
about.

"And besides, it may be better to wake up to a friendly face rather than
possible darkness. That wouldn't work out very well would it?"

"You have a point there Little Washu." Tenchi was smiling.

"Of course, I AM SUCH A GENIUS!" Washu threw her finger in the air in a
number one fashion.

Everyone face faulted and then left the lab. Tenchi stayed behind.

"You can carry her to your room now Tenchi. And make sure you bring her down
stairs when you decide to get up every morning. You will be doing

this every day until she wakes up. Also I have a monitoring system in your
room. I want to monitor your dreams with Ryoko there, I'm afraid

that this predicament may have a direct effect on your condition as well."

Tenchi blushed. He didn't feel comfortable the way this conversation was
going.

Washu laughed. She still found it amuzing to tease him. It was easy. "You
can take her now."

Tenchi picked her up and quickly left the lab. He carried her up the stairs
into his room. Seeing a strange camera, he decided to wave to it.

Washu's voice came across his link and said that she couldn't see him
through that one, it only could see his dreams. Tenchi again blushed

and again he could hear Washu's voice, 'I wouldn't do that to you Tenchi.'
Tenchi was a little comforted by this. He lay the sleeping Ryoko

on the bed and sat there a minute watching her sleep. She seemed so
peaceful, it was sad that such a peaceful person had to be plagued with

something she didn't want. Tenchi got up to leave when Ryoko turned in her
sleep and lached onto his arm. The breath was yanked from Tenchi

when he was pulled back to a sitting position on the bed. He smiled at her
as she held onto his arm for dear life. Tenchi tried to get up to

leave again and found himself unable to move. Eventually he gave up and laid
down next to her. Ryoko seemed satified and slackened her grip

on his arm. Tenchi decided not to move, seeing as how she may latch tighter
to him. Eventually, Tenchi fell asleep, with a slight smile on

his face.

* * *

Sasami was downstairs making dinner when a sudden thought crossed her mind.
'Hmm, I wonder where Tenchi is, I haven't seen him since this

morning.' Smoke from the stove reached her nose and startled the little
princess from her thoughts. "Oh, oops, I hope it didn't burn." Checking

that everything was alright, Sasami poked her head out of the kitchen to the
group of girls on the couch watching tv. "Dinners ready." Ayeka

turned to her sister and smiled.

"Thank you Sasami, we'll be in." Ayeka then averted her attention back to
the show they were watching. However, her mind was elsewhere. 'How

could I have been so careless as not to see. That kind of power, I should
have been able to sense it. If I'd have known, I never would have tried

something like that. I have to talk to her, ugh, she'll never want to talk
to me. For all I know, she probably wants to blow me to pieces.' Ayeka

sighed and pulled herself off the couch. She turned off the tv amoung the
protests of Mihoshi and Washu who was actually out of her lab. Ayeka

started to walk to the kitchen when a sound came from just up the stairs.
"Oh, hello Lord Tenchi."

Tenchi yawned and acknowledged the princess, "Hello Miss Ayeka, um, Ryoko
has woken up early and she asked to talk to you."

A look of nervousness appeared on Ayeka's face. She started to turn pale.
"Um, how about after dinner."

"Uhh, ok."

Tenchi smiled at her and walked into the kitchen. There he found Sasami
laying out plates and bowls on the table for dinner. "Um, Sasami, I will

be taking Ryoko's supper up to her, I'll eat there too. Ok?"

"Sasami looked up from her task and nodded. She handed him a two plates with
some food on it. Tenchi gave her a smile and said, "Thanks."

"You're welcome Tenchi. Oh, where were you all day?"

"Just taking a nap, guess it was longer than I thought."

Sasami giggled as Tenchi seemed to be pondering something.

***************************************************************************************************************************************************

Upstairs, Ryoko was laying on the bed a worried look was plastered on her
face. She was mentally talking with Washu.

'You know about his dream, right?' Ryoko's mental voice was shaky partly
from waking up and feeling very weak.

'Yes, he does not remember though, I'm surprised you know.'

'I can here his thoughts too ya know.' Ryoko was starting to get annoyed.

'Yes well,you are going to have to tell him, and by the way, you and Ayeka
are going to have a heart to heart. You have to tell her.'

'I know, I know. That still doesn't mean I can't be mad.'

'She didn't know, how could you be mad?'

'She shouldn't jump to conclusions.'

'She thinks you broke the pact, and in a way, you did.' Washu was
practically yelling.

Ryoko cringed, her head was pounding and her mother was not helping. 'Fine,
I will talk and try to keep my temper, dunno how long though.'

'That's my girl.'

Ryoko again cringed, she couldn't stand it when Washu referred to her like
that. A ping in her mind told her that Tenchi was coming back. She

breathed a long contented sigh and relaxed. A little while later, Tenchi
came up with a small plate of food for her.

"Here ya go, eat up."

Ryoko looked rather upset at the food, she was not very hungry but she knew
Tenchi would make her eat if he had to force it down her throat.

She halfheartedly picked up the chopsticks and started to eat. Tenchi
watched her with a worried look. Something just didn't feel right, he had

felt that way for a little while. Something about the nap earlier didn't
comfort him.

"What's the matter Tenchi?" Ryoko's question nearly scared Tenchi out of his
skin.

"Uhh, nothing, it's ok."

Ryoko didn't look convinced, but, decided to leave it at that. She slowly
finished eating and laid down again.

Tenchi waited for her to fall back asleep, it didn't take very long. He then
face faulted.

"Oh boy, oops, I forgot about Ayeka. Ah well, they'll just have to talk
tomorrow. I don't think she's gonna wake up sometime soon, besides, maybe

it's best for Ryoko, in more ways than one."

'I agree.' Washu's thought startled Tenchi. 'Wow, you are jumpy today aren't
you? I think we should talk tomorrow about your nap there Tenchi.

Perhaps while Ayeka and Ryoko are sorting out their differences.'

'Ummm, I guess, sure. Wait, no tests right?'

'Wow, you guys really ARE paranoid aren't you?'

'With good reason.'

'I suppose. I have to go now, and remember, if ya don't want me to scare ya
like that again, close your link or get some guts.'

Tenchi smirked at Washu's last comment. She could be so stuffy sometimes.

*****************************************************************************

The next day, Ryoko awoke to herself. She didn't seem in such a good mood.
First of all, sleep had been unnerving last night, she kept waking up

and going back to sleep. Since Tenchi's dream, she had been more worried
about the wings she possessed and the fact that Kagato was not dead and

coming for her. Reality would be different though, she knew it. Second of
all, she was not looking forward to talking with Ayeka. Ryoko thought

Ayeka was still mad at her for breaking that stupid pact. She also harbored
a grudge with Ayeka because she was denied the right to explain her-

self. She tried to open a link with Tenchi but found it blocked. Ryoko knew
instantly where Tenchi was, Washu's lab. "I wonder what they could be

up to." Ryoko was very curious and decided to teleport into Washu's lab to
find out. She phased out of her room only to find herself outside the

front door to the Masaki residence. "What the? Hey, what's going on here?"
Ryoko again tried to teleport to Washu's lab but this time found her-\

self in the kitchen. Sasami turned around to find Ryoko.

"Oh, hi Ryoko, I was just going to wake you up, breakfast is ready."

Ryoko was still very perplexed by the whole thing. Regardless, she decided
to ask Washu about it later and eat now.

A little while later, Ayeka came down and found Ryoko sitting at the table.
"Oh, um, hello Ryoko, how was you, sleep?"

"Well, my head's pounding and I feel like someone has just run over me, but
besides that, I feel fine. And you?" Ryoko struggled with the last

question.

"Well, I am quite well today, thank you for asking." Ayeka was very nervous.

"So, after breakfast then?" Ryoko eyed her and noticed her nervousness. She
decided to lighten up a little.

"Hm, oh, um, if you would like to." Ayeka was a little surprised at her
tone.

"Good" Ryoko resumed her eating.

*****************************************************************************

End Chapter 3

A/N: ok, so, this one was pretty long. It's kinda cheesy but bare with me,
I'm hoping to perk

it up a little later. The next chapter isn't going to be very long. I hope
you like this, like

i said, it's going to get a little better. C's/Q's/C's
(comments/questions/concerns) email me

tarquin_tk@hotmail.com

next chapter: Tenchi and Ryoko: Forever Dreams: Chapter 4: Dreams Unclear

  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chat with friends online, try MSN Messenger: Click Here
