Subject: DO NOT ADD TEXT BETWEEN STARS, THATS FIC INFO. 2-PART STORY
Date: Sun, 10 Dec 2000 20:39:29 EST
From: Neoburnr@aol.com
To: gensao@tmffa.com

Standard Disclaimer: The characters appearing within are the property of AIC

and Pioneer, and are used without permission. Please don't sue. I am not
making any money on this, and it's done out of love for the show.

Thanks to Bryan Weber for not saying anything about me taking his disclaimer

and of course M.C.L. to all the Juggalos and Ninjas reading my stories. Oh
and M.C.L. to the Cobras, X-men and Counts and everybody with clown love.
>:~)
*****************************************************************************

"I still don't understand! When are Sasami and the others coming back?!"

"Mihoshi......shut up."

"What? I just wanna know when everyone's coming home."

Jynx walked in the living room on the cold winter night with a grim look on
his face.

"Heh...still don't get it eh?"

"Get what?"

Kiyone was signaling to Jynx not to tell Mihoshi that K, Sasami and Ayeka
were dead.

"Heh, well I imagine Sasami should be home within 2 days but I don't think
Ayeka and K will be coming home any time soon."

"What? Why not?"

"Dunno but I just got the feeling ya know. Hey Kiyone can I talk to ya for a

sec?"

Kiyone followed Jynx into the kitchen surprised at what he had told Mihoshi.

"Jynx what are thinking telling her that Sasami will be home in a few
days?!"

"She will be, remember Cage, he tried at kill us and athang? Well I figured
out how he sent us back in time! Yes...yes, yes, yes I know, I'm the man."

"Wha-Jynx we can go back!"

"Kiyone how'd ya like to be as young as...me...forever?"

Kiyone quickly smiled as wide as ever.

"Oh my...Jynx can you do that?"

"Of course, listen this is what I'm doin' I plan on going back to when we
were just kids, Tenchi was 17 I think and Sasami was what 8,9,10? If ya want

I do that for you, make you younger forever."

Mihoshi was right around the corner listening in and of course knew what
Jynx
could now do.

"JYNX! Make me young too! Make me young!"

Kiyone grabbed the front of Mihoshi's shirt and pulled her face up to eye
level and became somewhat angry.

"Mihoshi were you listening in on us?"

"Um...yes?"

"Oh...Mihoshi!"

The room turned blueish green around them much like Kiyone's hair and
suddenly Sasami was standing in front of them and Kiyone and Mihoshi were
young again. Sasami didn't know what was going on, her mind was still set to

when she was a child. Everyone walked over to Sasami, she recognized Kiyone
and Mihoshi but not Jynx. Apparently she came from a time before Jynx
arrived.

"Kiyone, Mihoshi what's going on?"

Kiyone walked over to Jynx slowly and whispered into his ear.

"Jynx, if Sasami is here who's in her time?"

"She is, this is like a copy. It's still the real Sasami but a copy is still

in her time taking her place."

Mihoshi kneeled in front of Sasami and looked at her like a small child who
received a puppy for Christmas.

"Wow Sasami you're a little girl again! Wher've you been?"

"Um Mihoshi, listen we need to talk."

Kiyone took Mihoshi into another room and explained that Sasami, K and Ayeka

were dead and that this is the Sasami from the past. Of course Mihoshi
started to ball at the news of her fallen friends. While Jynx sat Sasami
down
and tried to explain what was happening. Even though she was still a child
she caught on pretty fast.

"So you and Kiyone are married?"

"Yup."

"And I was going to marry one of your friends?"

"Yup."

"But I killed him?"

"No. Ayeka did."

"No, Ayeka wouldn't...."

"She did. To add to that I'm your older brother. I was exiled form Jurai
when
I was just a wee child younger than you. Back then my name wasn't Jynx, it
was Jeremy Jurai. I died and went to hell but escaped with some of my
friends
and well I think you know the rest."

"So, you can control time?"

"Kinda."

"Can you make me older? Like 18?"

"I guess I could, shouldn't be that much trouble."

"Will you?"

"Why do you want to be older?"

"So...so I can marry Tenchi."

"Sasami...please understand, Tenchi has grown older, it's most likely he'll
marry Ryoko."

"Oh....well I..I could at least try."

"......tell ya what, if Kiyone and Mihoshi say it's OK I will."

"OK!"

Sasami sprung up from the chair she was in and ran full force to the kitchen

where Mihoshi was still bawling and Kiyone was trying to consul her.

"Mihoshi what's the matter?"

"Ehhh everybody's dead!"

"Mihoshi...everybody is not dead! Look Sasami's here, I'm here, a lot of
people are still here!"

"I..I guess so."

"Um...Kiyone can I ask you a question? I asked Jynx if he'd make me 18 and
he
said to ask you and Mihoshi. So do you think it's ok?"

"Sasami.....don't you want to be a kid?"

"No."

".....well, I'm not your mother so I can't really tell you no unless you
doin' something real bad can I? Go ahead."

"Mihoshi....."

"Ok."

"Yay!"

Sasami scampered into the living room and told Jynx what Kiyone and Mihoshi
told her.

"Alright Sasami, if your sure. Um Kiyone I'm gonna need your help."

Kiyone reentered the room.

"What? Why?"

Jynx walked over to Kiyone and tried to speak as softly as possible.

"Because as she grows up her clothes won't fit her and they'll shred over
her
body. Since I don't really want to see my little sister naked...."

"Gotcha."

"Ok Sasami, off to Kiyone's room."

As the three went to Kiyone's room Kiyone grabbed some clothes for Sasami to

borrow.

"Ok Jynx all set."

Jynx walked into the room and turned around and worked his magic. As he
predicted as Sasami grew her clothes were destroyed. When it was all done
Sasami changed into Kiyone's clothes and walked out the room to face the
world as an 18 year old girl with the mind and innocence of a 9 year old.

"Wow! Jynx you amazing."

"Yeah, I know."

"Does...does Tenchi still live in the same house?"

"Yeah."

".....bye, thanks Jynx."

Sasami ran out of the house but it didn't take her long to realize that she
didn't know where she was. Mihoshi walked out behind her.

"C'mon Sasami, follow me."

Mihoshi ran to the Masaki house with Sasami struggling to keep up. Mihoshi
reached the house first and knocked on the door. Tenchi answered in a
somewhat untraditional manner.

"Hel-woah! Mihoshi...you look great!"

"Hi Tenchi! Guess what Sasami's back!"

"What? Uh no she's not like Jynx now is she?"

Tenchi stepped out the house just as Sasami came running up to it and came
to
a sudden stop almost crashing into Tenchi.

"H-hi Tenchi!"

"Sasami....your back."

"What? Did I do something wrong?"

"What? No! Of course not it's just that I thought you...were dead."

"Well everyone tells me I was but...."

Sasami told Tenchi the details of the story but half way in they all went
inside to escape the cold. Naturally Tenchi was amazed by the story and was
very curious. Back at Kiyone and Jynx's home Washu just started to come
upstairs to see Kiyone as young as ever.

"Wow...Kiyone...what happened?"

"Um....Jynx put a spell on me."

"Hmmm could you tell Jynx I wanna talk to him?"

"Sure. Jynx! Washu wants you."

Jynx stumbled into the kitchen obviously drained from working his magic too
fast and too soon.

"Yeah, â€˜sup Washu?"

"I wanna talk to ya about...your...time experiments."

"Yeah I figure that alata people'll buggin' me to make them young, bring the

dead back and stuff."

"Heh...yes. Um please join me in the lab."

"Aight."

Jynx followed Washu into the lab. It had been a while since he'd been in
there. He stopped helping her with her experiments a long time ago, as well
as his job with the Galactic Police.

"Well doesn't seem like much's changed."

"No, not really."

"Ok what'dya want me to do?"

"Just hold still."

Washu pulled up a computer and stated typing frantically. When she was
finished a long, sharp needle came from the wall and almost stabbed Jynx's
arm. Before it could pierce his skin he spun around and broke the needle but

left the mechanical arm intact.

"Washu.....you know I don't like being poked by your needles so why try it?"

"Jynx...quit being such a baby. I just want to extract some molecules is
all."

"Oh well if that's all.....are you nuts?"

"Hahahaha! Maybe....but that's what you love about me isn't it?"

"Uh-huh, Washu I don't love you....I don't even like you that much...if
anything you scare me."

"Oh....how can anyone be afraid of me...I'm such a cutie-pie."

Jynx gave a soft laugh.

"Yes you are."

"Well I'm glad you approve, now please stand still."

"Why? Why do you feel the need to draw MY genetic code?"

"Because maybe I feel sorry for you."

"Huh? Why?"

"Because you're the only one of your kind, well at least you will be when
Epion dies."

"So? Kinda like it that way."

"Why?"

"Because..when I have a kid, they'll have no problem taking over the
universe. Dig it?"

"........yes. Well then can I inject some of your code into me? I kinda want

some of your power."

"No, I don't trust you with it. If you want I can teach you how to do what I

do but I won't let you have my semi-immortality unless it becomes really
necessary."

"...........ok agreed."

"Shall we begin tomorrow morning?"

"Yeah why not?"

"Alright...training begins bright and early at about....5 a.m. so be ready
with your sword."

Jynx made his way back up the stairs, unlocked a small chest by his bed and
brought out his  daisho. Even though a daisho is usually a Katana and a
Wakazashi his two rapiers could be considered somewhat a daisho. Sasami
never
came home that night. In fact Mihoshi didn't either and Kiyone became
somewhat worried.

"Oh Jynx, where are they?"

"Most likely at Tenchi's. I have a feeling Mihoshi passed out on his couch
and Sasami was talking to Tenchi until one of them fell asleep and didn't
want to wake the other or Mihoshi."

"Yeah I guess your right."

"Of course I'm right. Kiyone I know sometimes she is the most irritating
person in the world and a clutz and a bubble head and a whole latta other
stuff but I know, you still care about her and because of that, I'll be sure

that no one hurts her. Ok?"

"Hmmm thanks."

5 a.m. came and as he expected Washu wasn't up yet. He went to the lab and
found Washu passed up on her keyboard.

"Washu. Get dressed and get your sword."

"Wha-what?"

"Your late."

"Oh, sorry."

Washu hurried to get ready and Jynx was already upstairs waiting for Washu.

"Ready?"

"Yup!"

The two made their way out into a bamboo thicket a little ways out of the
way. The snow was falling heavily and it was very cold outside.

"Washu, understand I'm a totally different teacher than Yosho was and your
training will be very different from Tenchi's. Clear?"

"Crystal."

"Alright then, your sword?"

Washu brought out his laser sword and prepared for Jynx's instructions.

"Well Washu, I know you're a genius and a professor at the Galactic Police
academy, what exactly did you teach?"

"Actually, Science and Swordsmanship, that's why Ryoko is so skilled with
hers."

"I see, well there's no better way of knowing what you know than a battle.
Shall we?"

Jynx drew only one sword and it was wrapped in a bamboo cover so he wouldn't

hurt his new student. Washu charged at Jynx but soon enough she hit the
cold,
hard ground. As she was charging Jynx was watching her sword and predicted
her swing. As she cut for the neck he ducked and chopped the knees. As soon
as Washu hit the ground Jynx put the point of his sword at her neck. The
bamboo fell off his sword and exposed the sword's silver point. Jynx could
see the fear in Washu's eyes and as he so often does gave a light laugh,
pulled the sword away and helped Washu to her feet.

"Well, even though your moves are somewhat predictable and slow, they seem
to
be kill moves. I've learned that killing blows do little good in a fight.
Washu your sword cuts with all sides, lite graces against the skin. Washu
still had her sword drawn and Jynx ran his hand lightly over the tip and
showed the gash to Washu.

"See?"

"Hmm."

"Alright I'd like to see how fast you can be, I'll time 1 minute, cut down
as
many bamboo stalks as possible."

The training continued until he had forced Washu to test all of her
abilities
except her intelligence. He knew she was the smartest creature in the
universe and didn't find a need to challenge that. By the time they made
their way back to the house Washu was nearly frozen but Jynx's wings seemed
to generate some sort of heat. Sasami and Mihoshi were back at the house
talking with Kiyone about the events of the previous night. Seems that since

now Sasami was more his age Tenchi was starting to realize who he really
loved (guess). Even though Washu didn't approve to Sasami and Tenchi being
involved it wasn't really her place to say anything. She felt since she was
his sister, Jynx should say something if anything was worth saying. Even
though it didn't seem practical he did say something.

"Sasami...are you happy?"

"What? Yes, very much so."

"Ok, that's all that matters."

Jynx looked down at Washu. He knew she didn't approve but she didn't really
know how. He never displayed any signs of ESP until now. Jynx went back to
his room with Washu behind him.

"Washu...is their something on your mind?"'

"No."

"Then why are you following me into my room?"

"I dunno, just curious of what your doing."

"Putting by daisho away."

As he said he once again unlocked the small chest and put the elaborate
swords away. The rest of the day went by as uneventful as ever. After
training Washu was pretty exhausted and fell back to her lab for a little R&
R. The next day Washu was up earlier than Jynx and snuck out to speak with
Tenchi. Of course Tenchi too was asleep and needed to woken up.

"Tenchi.....Tenchi....."

"Huh? Washu, what is it?"

"I need to speak to you Tenchi."

"OK, what about? How long have been in training?"

"Ever since I was little. Why?"

"Was it real hard when you first started?"

"Yes but I got easier as I grew. Why do you ask?"

".....I asked Jynx to train me so I could be as strong as him. I know he
could take over or destroy the universe if he ever had a partner and wanted
to. It's real hard. We start at 5 in the mourning and end at 10:30 at
night."

"That's an awful lot of time. When do you do your experiments?"

"I...I don't. I don't have time. I get worked real hard and he doesn't even
seem to notice when I get exhausted."

"Washu....maybe you shouldn't do this. I was eased into my training and it
sounds like your pushed into yours."

"Yeah........"

"It's not for everyone but it's never easy."

"Alright, thanks Tenchi. Goodnight."

"Goodnight Washu."

Washu headed back to the bamboo thicket and waited for Jynx for a little bit

when he came out he wasted no time breaking out the whip so to speak on
Washu. The training was more vigorous than the day before and after a few
hours Washu's spirit was almost broke. She almost started to cry at Jynx's
coldness.

"Washu...that's enough. Sit down."

Washu and Jynx went into the house and sat in the whicker chairs.

"Washu...do you think I'm working you a little bit too hard?"

"Well...kinda. I doesn't seem that I'll be able to do anymore experiments
and
I'm starting to get exhausted a lot."

"I know it's tough. I told you before you started it was going to be tough
and that it'd be nothing like Tenchi's training. So..why ask him?"

"Huh? How did you know?"

"I can sense it." Listen Washu if it's too hard just say the word and I'll
stop the training and that'll be that."

"......Ok...yes I give up."

"Alright no problem."

Washu lowered her head started to head towards the lab to return to her
tests.

"Washu....don't be upset or anything. You're a scientist and the greatest
genius in the universe. You should be happy with just that. You shouldn't
need to be able to fight. If ya want, I'll show ya how to do my time trick."


.......TO BE CONTINUED!
