Disclaimer:  The characters of TM! are not mine; however, the Union of
Byzantia and everything about it, is mine.  Do not use it without
permission.  Otherwise, I will be forced to chain you down and allow
Principal Kuno perform a full body shaving on your person ^_^.

Author's note:  the events within take place post-TM! tv series.

C & C is still welcome; MSTing is ok, too.  No flamers, please.

Special thanks:  For those people who put in thier input, I wish to
thank you...
To Jussi Nikander, The Major, TenchiKen, Aldrich Bautista, Florencio
B. de la Merced Jr. [Wheh!  That's a NAME ^_^ (I'm complimenting it,
so please don't be offended.)], Shachihoko, Trakal, and Brendan,
thanks for your input!

An apology...
Sorry this took so long.  I've been working a lot and I haven't had as
much web time that I used to have.

And now.....

A Tale of Two Crowns, #2:  No Need For Ambassadors.

A TM! Fanfiction

by Thor Odinson

Narrator:  In our last episode, The Union of Byzantia has mobilized
its forces along "The Great Border" between the Union and the Jurian
Imperium.  The soverign of the Union is speeding his way to Earth in
an attempt to prevent another galactic war by wooing Princess Ayeka
into a state of matrimony.  Right now, other events are about to be
put in motion...

[The view now shows a space station, just like the original GP HQ, but
significantly larger and in orbit around a class M planet.  The camera
zooms in to one of the station's windows, where we see a raven-haired
woman working at her desk with a cup of tea to her right. To her left
is a blonde woman who is sipping on her own cup of tea and trying to
read a magazine, which the cover reads GP Monthly, which has a picture
of Kiyone with a v-finger formation and Mihoshi behind her.  Suddenly,
Kiyone's vidphone activates with a picture of a blue-haired AND
skinned GP officer, but as she opens her mouth, Kiyone interrupts...]

Kiyone:  Azuna, it can wait.  I'm really busy right now. [starts
taking a sip of her tea]

Azuna:  But, Sarge...It's President Whitehall...

Kiyone: [eyes bulging as she sptis out the tea, then] The...The...THE
PRESIDENT OF THE GALACTIC FEDERATION?!?

Azuna:  [nervously] Uh huh.  He said he wants to speak with you and
Sgt. Mihoshi in Conference Room 1 at...[stops as a large man wearing a
black tunic, wrap-around sunglasses, and an earphone whispers into
Azuna's ear, then steps away]..um..nix that, Sarge.

Kiyone:  Huh?

Azuna:  He wants you there NOW!

Kiyone:  On my way! [shuts off viewscreen]  Come ON, Mihoshi!

Mihoshi:  Right with ya, Kiyone!

[as they approach the door, Kiyone stops and turns to get in Mihoshi's
face]

Mihoshi:  Whoa...What is it, Kiyone?

Kiyone:  Mihoshi, I am going to tell you this ONCE and ONLY ONCE,
OKAY?!?

Mihoshi:  Ummm...ok.

Kiyone:  Good.  When we meet the President, DO NOT TALK, GET IT?!?

Mihoshi:  But why, Kiyone?  He may have a question concerning...

Kiyone: [interrupting]  I  just don't want you to inadvertently say
something stupid that will make you look bad [to herself] <or make ME
look bad>.  This meet ing HAS to be important, otherwise The PRESIDENT
would not be seeing us on such short notice.  Got it?

Mihoshi:  [with hand rubbing chin] Hmmmm...[then smiles to Kiyone and]
Nope!  I don't get it!

[Kiyone does an extreme face fault]

[A few moments later in Conference Room 1, our heroines are standing
at attention at one end of an oval table.  Sitting at the other end,
flanked by two Very big humanoids dressed in black tunics w/
wraparound shades & earphones, is a gentleman w/ slat & pepper hair
and plain black robes.  He speaks...]

Whitehall:  Take a seat, detectives.

[Both sit and have their attention focused upon what the president has
to say.]

Whitehall:  Before I explain as to why I have called you two here, I
need you to see the recording of yesterday's Council meeting.  [He
touches a button on the table, activating a screen.  We then see a
room full of people seated like the members of the UN's General
Assembly, with the exception of two people.  The first one, standing
at a podium at the left of the chamber, is clearly wearing Jurian
ambassadorial rainments and hairstyles (whatever that may be) and the
other one, standing at a podium at the right of the chamber, is a
woman who appears to be an older version of Shayla Shayla [see
El-Hazard] and is wearing a white bodysuit with cape and a purple sash
which bears the crest of Byzantia upon it.  She has her arms akimbo as
she speaks directly [and vehemently] to the Jurian ambassador...]

Byzantian:  Look, I'll ask you for the LAST time...Where is the
Princess Ayeka?!?

Jurian [coldly]:  I cannot say.

Byzantian:  You cannot say?  Or..rather...you Will NOT say?!?

Jurian:  I do not have to answer to that.

Byzantian:  That's because, Mr. Amb-ASS-ador, you and your governemnt
have NO INTENTION of renewing the Great Truce!!!  We have had enough
of your lies, and by heaven, you Jurians WILL feel the thunderbolt!!! 
[She turns and storms out of the chambers, along with the entire
Byzantian entourage.]

[Whitehall tuches another button, and the screen turns off.]

Whitehall:  As you can see, detectives, things are about to get more
active in this galaxy of ours, unless you two can do your part to
preserve the peace.

Kiyone:  That's why we're here, sir.

Mihoshi:  You bet, Kiyone!

Kiyone: [whispers] Hush!

Whitehall:  [smiling] Good to hear the enthusiasm from both of you,
for the task ahead will not be an easy one.  As of this moment, you
two are, by executive order #8464026 as of this instant, no longer
detectives of the GP...

Kiyone and Mihoshi [standing up quickly]:  WHAT????

Whitehall [holding a hand up]:  AND You two are now members of the
Galactic Federation Diplomatic Corps with FULL Ambassadorial rank,
status, and priviledges.  

Kiyone [shocked]:  Am...am...AMBASSADOR?

Mihoshi [all smiles (what else ^_^)]:  Wow, congratulations,
Ambassador Kiyone!

Kiyone [back in reality]:  Gee, thanks. [smiles as she shakes
Mihoshi's hand].

Whitehall:  Before you two celebrate, you had best to know what your
mission is.

Kiyone & Mihoshi:  [at attention]  Yes, sir!

Whitehall:  Ladies...you are ambassadors, remember?

Kiyone:  Yes, sir.

Whitehall:  Good.  The reason that you 2 were chosen is that you had
both interacted with Princess Ayeka in a variety of escapades, so
that, in my opinion, she would interact favorably with you more than
any other diplomat that I could muster.

Kiyone:  True enopugh, sir.

Whitehall:  Excellent.  I'll be straight.  She, the princess, has left
Jurai to head back to Sol III, for reasons unknown, and...

Mihoshi:  Sir, I know why she went there!

Whitehall:  Oh?

Mihoshi:  Yes, sir!  She's in love with Tenchi!

Whitehall:  [looking at Kiyone] Is this true?

Kiyone:  Sir, you don't know the half of it, but yes, it's very true.

Whitehall:  [rubbing his chin]:  Hmmm...interesting...but if she had
these feelings for the Crown Prince, why didn't she marry him?

Kiyone:  She couldn't bear to force herself on him, sir.

Whitehall:  I see...well, I should also let you know that there is
another monarch heading to Sol 3.  Emperor Leto the Seventh.

Kiyone:  The head of the Union of Byzantia?

Whitehall:  The same.  Now, concerning your mission...are you familiar
with The Great Truce?

Kiyone:  To a degree, yes, sir.  The treaty is up for renewal very
soon.  But how will we get Leto and Tenchi to talk if Tenchi won't
take the throne?

Whitehall:  Oh, he will still talk to him, but not to renew the truce
for another thousand years...

Kiyone:  Sir?

Whitehall:  He will be there to talk to Tenchi for permission to court
a member of his family...and to marry the Princess Ayeka.  Your
mission is to make sure that Leto succeeds or that you can convince
Tenchi to take the Jurian throne and renew the truce with Emperor
Leto.  Otherwise, there will be war.


To be continued...


Thor Odinson:
Prince of Asgard
Defender of Midgard
Wielder of the Most Sacred Mjolnir, the Weapon of Weapons
Fan of Ranma 1/2, Tenchi Muyo!, and other anime things!
