Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights 
and trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever  
  else may own the rights to it, so please don't sue me (it's not like 
I have any money anyway :P). However, this story is my  
  original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please don't copy it and 
claim it as your own. This story is based on the Tenchi  
  Muyo: Ryo-oki characters, so Mihoshi isn't as ditzy, though much more 
clumsy! Thanks to Tex James for his pre-reading help! 
  
  Uninhibited Consequences 
  ( )= Mental thoughts 
  " "= Verbal dialogue 
  "" ""= Mental dialogue 
  As the Masaki's prepare to journey to Jurai Ayeka ,Ryoko and Washu 
have to deal with their Dark Memories! 
  
  Chapter # 12: Dark Memories before the Journey! 
  
  Morning wake up call 
  One of the things that Tenchi enjoyed doing every morning since he, 
Ryoko and Ayeka had started to sleep together was the  
  ways he woke them up. He kept thinking of differing and unique ways 
to wake each one of them up. Yesterday it was licking the  
  nape of Ayeka's neck, who then woke up with an interesting expression 
on her face. Somewhere between, surprise and hilarity.  
  After he got her out of bed, he repeated the procedure with Ryoko and 
had a quiet make-out session until Ayeka came back  
  from the bathroom and finally got them out bed. 
  This morning Tenchi was sucking on Ryoko earlobe. And with some 
slight giggles Ryoko finally awoke and after a quick kiss,  
  phased out of the room. Tenchi then started on Ayeka's earlobes, and 
their make-out session lasted about as long as Tenchi's and  
  Ryoko's the day before. Tenchi did this every morning so he and the 
girls remind themselves of their love and affection for each  
  other. But, today the lightness and happiness they had shared would 
change. 
  
  
_______________________________________________________________________
_____________________ 
  
  Doctor's Arrival 
  Doctor Tojiro Akiyama, noted Psychologist, practicing on the Jurai 
Home planet, and for the last 3000 years, the Royal Family's  
  personal Psychologist. Plus, he is a friend of Washu, graduating in 
her class at the Galactic Science Academy. So, with that  
  positive backing, he arrived that morning to set up the specific 
treatment he had been asked to start, first with Ayeka and Ryoko,  
  then Tenchi. (Due to the Bond he had with the girls.) And also 
bringing in Washu for treatment of mental and emotional abuse  
  as she was a captive witness to her daughter's abuse and 
manipulation's at the hands of Kagato. Dr. Akiyama's main plan was  
  simple, though he knew it would take most of the Masaki's Trip to 
Jurai. He would schedule the sessions to work around their  
  Jurai edict classes. Which would mean morning therapy sessions, then 
after lunch the Edict classes.  
  
_______________________________________________________________________
_____________________ 
  
  Their first session As Dr. Akiyama invited the two girls into the 
makeshift office that was a guest bedroom, he asked Ayeka  
  and Ryoko to take seats that were facing him with a coffee table with 
some juice and snacks for them to munch on as they started  
  the session. The doctor had given the girls a review of how they 
would first deal with what the girls remembered first Ayeka  
  since she had the most recent trauma. But the doctor knew that 
Ryoko's problems would take both Ayeka and Tenchi being there  
  with her to have the support she would need to deal with the horrible 
memories. 
  "Ayeka, can I call you that since these are informal sessions." The 
doctor asked. Ayeka simply and silently nodded. He  
  continued, "All right, can you tell me what you recall happened 
between the time Lord Garyu attacked and you realized that you  
  ...hurt Ryoko and Tenchi." When I saw those light swords running 
through their bodies and I couldn't do a thing, I was yelling  
  in my head crying to tell them I didn't mean to do this. I wanted so 
much to kill myself so they would not go through what  
  happened." She was now sobbing laying her head on Ryoko's shoulder as 
her co-Fianc‚ was holding her with a few tear streaks  
  o her face as well. 
  "Ayeka, We heard you then and there. Tenchi and I knew you would 
never intentionally hurt us, but we were in pain and that's  
  why we asked why. Not really for you as it simply was a statement of 
fact." Ryoko stopped talking and hugged Ayeka more. 
  Ryoko, It is hard to forgive myself. I still see the looks on your 
faces as those swords went through you. I can never ever see  
  that leave my memories...never!" Ayeka was sobbing freely now with 
Ryoko hugging and crying as well. 
  The doctor after observing this then suggested; " Ryoko, can you help 
Ayeka in how you deal with the things you had to witness  
  your body do to all those countless people and planets you had 
destroyed?" Ryoko froze at his suggestion, as the realization of  
  her horrible memories flooded her mind, and with the link Ayeka's, 
... and Tenchi's. Tenchi dropped what he was doing and  
  rushed to the cabin where the session was going on. As he burst in he 
saw both his fianc‚'s crying and a calm a sedate Doctor  
  Akiyama. "You Highness, thank you for joining us." was all the stoic 
Doctor said. After a 10 second calming exercise, Tenchi  
  gathered both of the girls into a hug and for the next few minutes 
the only noise heard were the whimpering and crying of  
  Ryoko and Ayeka with some comforting words from their love, Tenchi.  
  
_______________________________________________________________________
_____________________ 
  
  Dealing with the Darkness 
  After the Girls calmed down, the Doctor then cleared his throat and 
then gave them a diagnosis of their trauma. Both of you are  
  suffering through differing degrees of being helpless victims, as 
well as tools of madmen. That in itself is had enough but then to  
  have those innocents (Looking at Ryoko) and those whom you love 
(Looking at Ayeka) die in front of you is going to be very  
  hard to deal with." He paused as his words sunk in. "But, it can be 
dealt with. I asked Washu to set up a simulator in one of her  
  sub-space labs where you can fight the two that caused you the most 
harm. Plus you can relive the traumatic memories," The  
  girls cringed at this! "And instead of reliving that horror, you can 
help them instead, you can even do this together to work  
  through the memories. Ayeka, then Tenchi Knew that what the Doctor 
was saying was meant for Ryoko more that Ayeka. They  
  both now understood that for the next few months, they would help 
Ryoko relive and work out her memories. They would be  
  there for her as she Instead of killing innocent men women and 
children, would instead save them from Kagato. The Doctor  
  then took a controller from his pocket and with the push of a button, 
they ended up in the room he mentioned. 
  For the next few hours There were battled fought back 500 years, to 
just last month with Kagato being the main antagonist, and  
  Garyu as well. And though this was just the first session, Both Ayeka 
and Ryoko came out with smiles on their faces as they had  
  vanquished their hated puppet masters and help to rescue those. Even 
though they knew those victims =did not really survive it  
  let Ayeka, and more to the point Ryoko fight their inner demons...and 
win! Ayeka had other conflicts which she death with as  
  well. Thought each session Tenchi and Dr. Akiyama were there for 
moral and safety support. After about 10 sessions, both girls  
  had worked most of their aggressive thoughts out and other than a 
monthly session with the Doctor over Washu's Comm system,  
  they had become much better adjusted to their memories, and looked 
forward to their future With Tenchi and their children to  
  come. 
  
  
_______________________________________________________________________
_____________________  
  
  Washu's sessions 
  With Ryoko and Ayeka dealing with their problem memories, it was 
Washu's turn. Dr. Akiyama had called her and Yousho  
  together to her first session. Now the Doctor knew as every Doctor 
knew that Doctors themselves are the worst patients. Washu  
  with her ego would make it a hard task for Dr. Akiyama to deal with. 
  As Washu and Yousho (both in their true forms) sat down in the same 
chairs Ryoko and Ayeka had been when their session  
  started their sessions. As Washu held Yousho's hand, the Doctor 
spoke. 
  "Professor Washu, I'll get right to the point, We need to deal with 
what you experienced while trapped on the Souja's under  
  Kagato's control." Washu who normally would have been very boisterous 
and craved everyone's attention, was instead sitting  
  meekly, quietly, and holding onto Yousho's hand with a vise grip. 
"Washu, It's Tojiro, you classmate, ... and friend, I have  
  heard enough from Ryoko to imagine the suffering you went through. I 
also know you were even more helpless since you were  
  trapped in that crystal in the negative side of the ship." 
  Washu let out a sight then composed herself as she finally spoke in a 
quiet meek voice; "I sure did have a up close and personal  
  view of what Kagato forced my daughter to do." 
  Don't you feel guilt in that you couldn't do anything to help her" 
asked Dr. Akiyama. Washu then started shedding some silent  
  tears with Yousho still firmly gripping her hand she answered, 
LOUDLY! OF COURSE I FEEL GUILTY, HE... He... TOOK  
  MY LITTLE GIRL, MY BEAUTIFUL GIRL... he took her and wiped her 
memories of me and our happy life together, of her  
  classmates in school, of our friends at the academy, all gone. And to 
top it off He them made her into a perfect killing machine,  
  with no emotions, no regard for life, yet I could feel her anguish at 
having to see herself kill and maim countless people, and  
  then when he made her implode planets. It was the ultimate betrayal, 
because she could have killed him with a 10th of her  
  power, yet his control was so thorough, she wouldn't have an inkling 
that she could have done that. And I COULDN'T DO A  
  THING!" 
  She then broke down in Yousho's arms and cried nonstop for about 10 
minutes, then after she calmed down, Dr. Akiyama spoke  
  to her. "Washu, now you have the chance not only to bring in a new 
life with the man you love, but you get to have that life  
  back with Ryoko. Can't you see that?" But, I couldn't be a mother to 
her now, too much as passed between us, and I..." 
  "BULLSHIT! You are denying a chance to be close to her and to her 
spouses, don't blow a chance like that Washu." Dr.  
  Akiyama answered. "You have a man who loves, you, a family who loves 
you... a daughter who needs you, you need to take this  
  and run with it. Be that mother to her that she vaguely remembers, or 
at the very least her friend, and her confidant." 
  "But, but she'll have Ayeka for that." Washu said shakily. 
  "You know you can have ore than one best friend Washu, so try for 
them, for Yousho and you baby, for Ryoko, but most of all  
  try for yourself, It will get better Washu" said Dr. Akiyama. 
  Slowly a smile crept up Washu's face, she stopped crying, and slowly 
let go of Yousho (Except his hand) and slowly understood  
  all that Tojiro had told her. It was sinking in, and it slowly dawned 
on her that she would have to be a mother now, for her  
  unborn baby in her belly. She patted her stomach and smiled at 
Yousho. Wordlessly they got up nodded a goodbye to Tojiro and  
  left the session. 
  Washu's sessions were shorted and it took less time for her to deal 
with her dark memories as the other had. So, when it came  
  time to leave only the girls had to see the Doctor through the trip. 
Now every three months for the next few years Washu visited  
  with Dr. Akiyama for some informal sessions, but with her focus on 
the now, and not then. She was going to be a Mom again,  
  get married to the man she loved, and finally have a relationship 
with not just one daughter but a daughter and son-in-law as  
  well. This proved to be the turning point in Washu's mind. 
  Now as the sessions died down everyone was excited about the trip to 
Jurai, though due to the time in their pregnancy, there are  
  more than just the events of a trip involved, but certain cravings 
that all four girls will experience while on board! 
  
_______________________________________________________________________
________________________________ 
  
  A place in space out of time 
  "D3, how goes our observation of my sister's family?" asked a rather 
stoic Lady Tokimi, Goddess of Justice, and Truth, but also  
  called the Goddess of Darkness. 
  "Milady, all is as according to plan, You sister and her young are 
going through counseling for their trauma's while our agent id  
  getting closer to you other sister's avatar." D3 answered. 
  "I am glad I didn't lower myself to these mortal's levels, to 
experience that type of emotional pain is a wasted effort. Now what  
  of the plan, is it coming together?" asked Tokimi 
  "Yes Milady, everything ids as it should be, though I have some 
reservations as to whom we have entrusted this mission to." said  
  a concerned D3. 
  "Then for your concerns keep an eye on him, and if you feel he has 
overstepped his mission objectives, then tell me.  
  Understood?" said a now confidant Tokimi. 
  "By all means Milady" and D3 disappear. 
  Soon sister's the future will be here and I hope you are ready for 
it. 
  A dark set of eyes looked on a view screen as the Masaki clan was 
loading their ship for the trip to Jurai. The dark figure said to  
  himself; "We'll see if they reach Jurai in pieces, ...or at all!  
  
_______________________________________________________________________
________________________________ 
  Next chapter: Cravings on the Journey to Jurai! 
  I think the title says it all! 
