	Oooohhhh!! ^_^ Today is Valentine's Day.=20
	I think I don't have a date. Agh! Forget that! I _really_ do not have a
date today. Should I suddenly bawl over crying that I don't have a woman to
spend this once a year event? Nah! Us fanfic authors are made of sterner
stuff. Although, one could say that such a thing hardly matters.=20
	Upon discussion with Mayhem of the Zu, I too have come up with something
for this so very special occasion. Pardon me if I do say so, but this
really has got to be so=85 so very heartwarming and stuff like that.
	Hmm=85 I wonder if this is some sort of sickness. I really must need a=
 woman
right now then if I feel this bad. Better yet, someone pummel me right now=
=85.
	WHAM!!=20
	Bash!! Ohhhhh=85
	Not that hard=85.
	Anyways, the usual disclaimers should start here, but for some reason, I
will choose to leave it blank.=20
	Oh, yeah! I'm kinda biased with Kiyone. So don't mind that. I like the
woman quite well.=20

Notes: This continuum is a meld of the TV Series and the OVA Series. Most
of the things depicted here are taken from the OVA. Kiyone is the only one
that came from the TV Series.  ^_^=20
	  =20

=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D

Love.

What is love?

The greatest poets and scientists of Earth could not even begin to
understand the concepts by which humans live by. Nor could they impart
their knowledge on the subject as love tends to be different for each and
every individual.=20

Man or woman.

Humans or animals.

Love is a force that has allowed all living things to live this long.

Without love, there can be no babies.

Huh?!=20

Babies?

Yep! Babies. You heard right! Love is the first step to procreation.=20

What is love?=20

What fuels this passion for sexuality? Is love little more than a
convenient excuse for a person to get laid as one can sometimes observe in
today's society? Is love truly blind as most poets and story tellers alike
believe during an age long past? Is love truly as complicated as some
people make it appear? Can love be put explained by an equation of science?
Or is love as scary as some people tend to depict it?=20

Better yet, is Urd truly the Goddess of Love? Or is she merely moonlighting
as one?=20

The answer may yet surprise you. [ Me included if you think about it. ]

Look at what it did to Romeo and Juliet.

It was love at first sight! But a pretty price they paid for their love.=20

Look at Ranma and Akane.

They say they hate each other. They always fight. Yet it can be noticed
that there is something other than hatred that makes the two inseparable.
Although its hardly ever there most of the time.=20

Two examples. Both opposite in nature. Yet the fact remains that love
exists in different forms for each person or couple.=20

What do you think???=20


=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
        Nikholas F. Toledo Zu Productions
                   Presents

      Valentine Tales: A Tenchi Muyo Story
               Sasami Gets Tenchi

         Nikholas "Radler" F. Toledo Zu
 =3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D

"Tenchi!" Sasami yelled loudly as she opened the door of Tenchi's room.
"Dinner is rea=97Oh my!"=20

What she saw being done in Tenchi's room was enough to give _anyone_
nosebleeds. [No! Not that kind of stuff! This is not a lemon! Get your
minds out of the gutter!] Ryoko lay on Tenchi's wide bed, clothes opened on
the top just so revealing quite a bit of cleavage and more. Add Tenchi's
rather compromising position atop Ryoko, you have once formula that is
guaranteed to set the whole house on fire.

Tenchi froze in his act of trying to pry himself loose. His current
strategy had him ending up on top of Ryoko who seemed to be moaning in
*gulp* pleasure?!!! Then he saw the hand. His hand on Ryoko's very soft
breast. *GULP*  He slowly =96 if shakily =96 turned his head, hoping against
all hope that Ayeka would never hear of this. Somehow, the shock of hearing
Sasami overrode his usual reflexes when encountering portions of the female
anatomy. =20

His house had _lots_ of those around.=20

"Sa=85sa=85.Sasami!! It.. it ain't what it looks like! Honest! I -- " Tenchi
burst out.

Ryoko chuckled as she once more twined her arms around Tenchi's neck,
pulling him roughly down for a kiss. One that she intended to be something
Tenchi will _never_ forget about. Being who he is, Tenchi was caught
unawares. His explanation was suddenly cut off as he was yanked down and
given a thoroughly passionate kiss.

Tenchi's eyes widened as he felt a foreign object probing his mouth. His
struggles slowly decreased as his body slowly succumbed to the slightly
erotic feeling his body was sending to his very _shocked_ mind.=20

Sasami was speechless.=20

Well not really.

Her brain was merely trying to decode the scene before her.  Her face
suddenly turned beet red as a rather kinky thought went through her mind.
Sasami quickly shunned such improper thoughts aside and calmly resumed her
usual demeanor and took things in stride.  Instead, she merely watched the
Tenchi and Ryoko.=20

That would suffice =85. for now=85.=20

A small smile played across Sasami's cute face.

*I wonder=85.*

 One can now notice that Tenchi was now actively participating in the kiss.
Must be the hormones.=20

Murphy stated that if something were to go wrong, it would go wrong in a
most unexpected way.=20

"Oh my! Oh my! Oh my! Tenchi! Ryoko! Such behavior!" Mihoshi took note of
Sasami eagerly watching the two doing some form of kiss that she observed
to be taking rather longer than expected. "I mean, if you're trying for the
Guinness Book of Records, you should at least have a couple of people
around as witnesses you know."=20

Sasami had a large sweatdrop on her head as she stared at Mihoshi. Tenchi
and Ryoko merely turned a deaf ear -- somewhat. One could see the multiple
sweat drops decorating their heads. As top be expected, Ayeka arrived;
shoving Mihoshi away with enough force to put the Juggernaut into a
LaGrange orbit. =20

Mihoshi merely landed on her butt though..

Ayeka stared at the scene before her with wide, rage-filled eyes. One of
her eyes started twitching. A sure sign of an impending royal outburst.
Ayeka could not believe the audacity of this horrible woman who was happily
enjoying a kiss she herself wanted to perform on Tenchi later on. To see
her rival had gotten to Tenchi first, sent murderous thoughts to the Crown
Princess of Jurai's seething mind.=20

"RYOKO!!" she yelled in imperious tones, hands balled up into fists at her
side. "JUST WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING TO TENCHI SO EARLY IN THE
MORNING!!!"

"I think they were sort of like doing that Siriusian Oral Kiss [don't
ask!!]" Mihoshi supplied.

Ayeka's face turned several shades of red, her eyes literally burning with
anger. She whirled around to face Mihoshi. "SHUT UP!!! Don't talk to me
when I'm dealing with this woman who is trying to strip Tenchi of his
dignity!!"=20

"But.. but I'm just worried something might happen, Ayeka. You know, they
might acquire some horrible disease or something --"=20

"SHUT UP!!" Ayeka yelled into Mihoshi's ear.

Mihoshi quickly backed away from the towering figure of rage that was
Ayeka. Upon doing so, she struck the bookshelf with enough force to topple
Tenchi's overly large collection of fantasy and sci-fi books. Not to
mention a large number of manga not of the genre his father was obsessed
with though=85 ^_^ The books crashed down on Mihoshi already addled brain
leaving the poor woman unconscious.=20

"I really don't think I'm stealing it, Princess." Ryoko said calmly. "I'm
merely allowing him to enjoy some of the finer points in life."=20

That riled up Ayeka big time.=20

"How dare you!! To think that Tenchi has to put up with such a degenerate
trash when someone of higher stature and _with_ a claim to him =96 even if
its just circumstantial =96 is quite available. Ohohohohoho." Ayeka laughed
lightly.=20

*Whoa! Sudden change in attitude. Damn! I knew Ayeka had a mercurial temper
but this is stretching things to the limit.* Ryoko thought.

She merely smiled and kissed Tenchi again.=20

"Ryoko! Stop this at once!" Ayeka ordered in her best imperious tone. One
that Tenchi was sure to have made even rocks cringe in fear.=20

Tenchi was suddenly very afraid for his life.=20

An Ayeka mad as hell was _not_ a good thing.=20

Ryoko looked unimpressed.=20

Phasing into the bed and reappearing behind Ayeka. Slender arms warped
themselves around the Crown Princess of House Jurai. "Admit it, Princess."
she taunted. "You're overly jealous I got my hands on Tenchi a _lot_
earlier than you. Hmmmm=85 If you hadn't barged in here, I'm _sure_ I could
have done _it_ with Tenchi." =20

She paused letting the words sink in. Ayeka was so easy to manipulate
sometimes. "But, I'm feeling rather civic minded. Howzabout we share Tenchi
for the day? I'm sure the bed could fit all three of us=85"=20

Ayeka's face turned an unhealthy shade of red. Her entire frame shook with
the desire to rid herself of this offending woman who had been more of a
pain than she had been before she stopped being a space pirate and becoming
her personal tormentor.=20

If only Statuette of Limitation hadn't been passed out.=20

How could life be so harsh a mistress?? She. A Crown Princess of Jurai.
Reduced to some common harlot for the attention of one man=85. who just
happens to be Yosho's grandson. Okay. So she did not mind vying for his
attention. In fact, it was rather fun. But considering who it was she had
to deal with caused her never ending grief, if not the wish to do away with
her. Not that it wasn't bad. It was just that Ryoko was doing things she,
as a Crown Princess, could not be expected to do. Her training forced her
to be the proper princess no matter what.=20

Hazards of being royalty.=20

"Ryoko! Stop it! Stop it!" yelled Ayeka, grabbing the offending woman off
her back and into the air.=20

Ryoko laughed it off, reappearing once again. This time, up close and
personal as if daring Ayeka to try and do something  "Ooooohahahahahaha!!
Make me, Princess."=20

Ryoko's hands were clenched into fists by her side, energy crackling all
around it. Ayeka glared furiously at Ryoko, eyes ablaze with so much heat
that it made Hell look like the Arctic.=20

"Wanna make something out of it, Princess?" Ryoko taunted, pinching Ayeka's
cheeks to emphasize her words.=20

"If you think I will let this=85 this=85. indignity pass=85" Ayeka began,
quivering in pent up rage. "=85 you're right." This she said in her usual
imperious tone.=20

Ryoko blinked. She smiled cattily. "Sooooo=85. the little stuck up Crown
Princess of Jurai is afraid of little old me, the space pirate." She
laughed. An irritating sort of laugh that grated on Ayeka's nerves so.=20

Ayeka growled. "Ryoko!!"=20

With that, things between the two began to degrade into a squabble worthy
of any ever done in Nerima. That's including property damage too which was
about to happen.=20

Meanwhile, while the two gloriously _flattered_ one another, Sasami
approached the still frazzled Tenchi and led him downstairs to start
breakfast.  It seemed that Ryoko or her sister Ayeka won't be able to come
to the table considering they were discussing a few things. With Tenchi's
father  having left quite early today to finish up some project, she had
the whole first floor to herself.=20

Perfectly all right for someone who was planning to do something about a
matter of the heart.=20

"You okay, Tenchi?" Sasami asked quietly as she sat beside him on the
table. "You seem rather pale."=20

Like that wasn't too obvious considering what the young man had gone
through. You'd think guys would jump at the first opportunity a woman
throws herself at you. Looks like there were still people like Tenchi left
in the whole universe.=20

That brought a smile to Sasami's face.

Today was a good day to be honest about such matters.=20

"Do you want to come with me to the mall today, Sasami?" Tenchi inquired
suddenly. "I'm sure your sister wouldn't mind considering she's rather
preoccupied." Tenchi smiled. "And considering that you've rather been coped
up in the house 99% of the time you've been here doing all the house work,
I think it would be good if you spend some time out. After all, it could be
fun." =20

*Got you!* Sasami exulted inwardly. *This is fun!!*

A small voice chided her for thinking it to be so.=20

"Sure!" Sasami replied enthusiastically. "But isn't it rather early? I mean
it still is 8:30 AM."=20

"Nah! It takes at least an hour to get there by bus."=20

"Okay then. I'll go Tenchi." Sasami agreed.=20

"Good. Let me help you clear the table."

"Arigato, Tenchi-niichan."=20

They were gone long after the rather spirited discussion by a princess and
a pirate.=20

"SASAMI!!!!" echoed a pair of voices.=20


=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D


Washuu chuckled at the irony of it all. How could she have missed it!? Then
again, she'd been hiding herself within her realm in subspace to actually
even notice it. Washuu glanced at the calendar near her. It was the only
thing non-technological she possessed. Besides, the heavens only know just
how she tried making a calendar that would track all the universal
nuisances and other stuff most people in the universe tend to forget to put
on a calendar.=20

"This is interesting." she noted. "Hmmm=85 cute earth custom." Washuu=
 smiled.
*Sasami, you little devil you.* Washuu chuckled some more.=20

Things just get more interesting by the minute in this backwater world.=20

Never get to see that on 'civilized' worlds. Washuu smirked at that. Just
goes on to say no one civilized knows how to have some good old fashion fun.=
 =20

*This should be fun.* Washuu thought excitedly. *The potential for disaster
alone should be no less than astronomical.* =20

"Ahhh=85 To be young again=85.."=20


=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D


Tenchi sat disconsolately, fiddling with his thumbs and wondering where
Sasami had taken off to. She said she's meet him in McDonalds. But Sasami
had yet to appear. He really shouldn't be too worried. Come on! Sasami's
got a starship =96 the most powerful of all of Jurai's living ships =96 to
watch over her. To top it off, Sasami was part of Tsunami. So he shouldn't
be worried.

Then why was he worried??=20

"Tenchi?!" a mildly surprised voice called out hesitantly, unsure as to who
he really was seeing. "Good God! Tenchi?!! Am I hallucinating or is that
you seating so forlornly as if you'd lost something important."=20

Tenchi groaned.=20

Now he knew why he was worried.

He turned around to see not only Yasuro but Hikaru, Miko, Allain, and
Mitsuko staring at him with wide-eyed wonder. Tenchi was well known around
school for his unusual lack of interests. More to the point, his obvious
lack of a life to begin with.  After all, what could life offer someone
who's life revolved around school and the family shrine.=20

Tenchi could name a few. Actually a lot. And it all started in their family
shrine=85..=20

Not bad for a guy without much of a life.=20

Lucky for him he only brought Sasami along. He did not _want_ to think
about the possible repercussions had Ryoko or Ayeka tagged along.  Of
course, no doubt the others would follow. He just prayed it wasn't until he
was alone.=20

"Uh=85 hi guys." Tenchi greeted with false enthusiasm. "Umm.. fancy meeting
you here."=20

They laughed, forcing Tenchi to share in it as well. Tenchi knew he was in
trouble.=20

"Sooo=85. who are you with Ten=85chi=85.." Miko asked in a low, seductive=
 voice.=20

The rest merely grinned like Cheshire cats.=20

Tenchi gulped down the rising panic he was feeling. Why was he suddenly so
very afraid. He only had Sasami with him. Yeah! It was only Sasami. No
biggie. Nothing to make these people suspicious about the life he now led.=
=20

So why was he so very afraid?

Then he knew why once again. Funny how his mind tends to tell him about the
reasons right after he saw it staring right at him in the face.=20

Sasami had arrived.=20

Alas! Sasami it was indeed. Yet, it was also not. This was not the young
version Sasami. Instead it was her adult form. One that mirrored the beauty
Sasami was destined to become.  Still, Tenchi could not take his eyes away
from the breathtaking vision that lay before his stunned eyes. Sasami was
not merely beautiful. Nay! She had already surpassed that.=20
=20
His friends soon noticed his slightly pole-axed look. They turned to see
just what was making him react this way. Their visage was rewarded with the
sight of a stunning woman approaching them.=20

Time seemed to suddenly to stop as if it too found the presence of the
Jurain Princess/Battleship something not to be ignored even by itself.
Everyone who saw the blue-haired goddess could not help feel awed by her
very presence.=20

"Wow." someone commented from nearby.

"Keiichi! It is impolite to stare so at a lady!" chided his female=
 companion.

"Damn! She's one hot woman!" a certain silvery-haired, somewhat
scantily-clad woman observed.=20

"She's not what she seems." a raven-haired young girl declared to her three
companions. She trained a device reminiscent of a PKE meter. "Her power
levels are off the scale! She's got to be some sort of demon!"=20

"Now. Now. You really shouldn't be so quick to judge people." the
brown-haired woman chided her sister. "Now, come on. We still need to find
a few more things for the wedding."=20

Meanwhile, Tenchi was still staring at the now adult Sasami. It still was
the Sasami he knew. But somehow, he felt that it did not change the fact
that he was now staring at what possibly was to his own opinion to be the
most beautiful woman to ever walk the universe.=20

"Ohayo, Tenchi-san!" greeted Sasami.=20

Sasami or Tsunami =96 whichever =96 carefully approached, purple-red eyes
twinkling with barely concealed mischief. If Tenchi didn't know it any
better, she seemed rather smug about something.=20

"You have some funny friends, Tenchi." Sasami smiled, pointing at the five
individuals with him.=20

Tenchi glanced at the surprised looks he was receiving so intensely from
his classmates. He noted the looks of  incredulity mirrored in their
wide-eyed, open mouthed stares. among the women, he also saw a somewhat
jealous look at the woman who now stood before them.=20

And the woman was an acquaintance of Tenchi no less!!=20

This merited _extreme_ attention.=20

"Uh=85. ohayo, Sasami-chan." Tenchi replied rather shakily. "You=85 you=85.=
 look=85
very=85 different today. Beautiful too. Words can hardly describe you now."=
=20

Sasami beamed at the praise. It wasn't too often that she let herself look
like this. Heck! She _never_ used this form! Except today. Contrary to
belief, she could actually remain in this form if she chose. Of course,
being who she was, she did not want her sister and Ryoko ganging up on her
for Tenchi's affection.=20

Love was a weapon far more potent than the ten Wings of the Light Hawk she
could produce.=20

Still, with both women nowhere to be found, it was an opportunity she did
not want to waste.  After all, she never left the house that often and the
only ones who actually even left the Masaki home were Mihoshi and Kiyone
who held a few odds jobs in the city.=20

Sasami blushed a bit. She was still unused to this body but she was quickly
adapting. "Thank you, Tenchi. I guess you could say I wanted to try out
something new."=20

Tenchi laughed albeit a bit shakily. Tenchi found himself at a loss for
words. Not that such a thing never happened to him before.

"Uh-huh. Say, could you introduce me to your friends?" Sasami asked. "Hmmm=
=85
Do you think they're okay, Tenchi?" she asked after observing that the five
young terrans appeared to be unmoving for quite some time now. *Very
strange earth custom. *

"Nah. They're just somewhat shocked to see you truth to tell, Sasami."
Tenchi scratched the back of his head, a sure sign he was somewhat nervous
if not completely.=20

Sasami giggled.=20

"Think we should leave them?" Sasami asked -- nay! =96 suggested in
mischievous tones.

This definitely was _not_ the Sasami Tenchi thought he knew.=20

He should be scared. Then why was he so expectant all of a sudden?=20

Time flowed once more for the five youths. Each were blinking, staring
wide-eyed, or just plain wondering if this was some sort of crazy dream.
Tenchi was never someone to be called handsome. Average looking yes.
Handsome. Well, maybe. It depends on who's saying that. Most people
considered Yasuro and Allain lady killers simply because of their suave
looks and irresistible charms. To sum up, they were the ones expected to
get all the good women.=20

Miko don't count since she was Allain's twin. Not that it mattered anyways.
Now, Tenchi had to come along and break the rule much to the men's
distaste. The woman he brought along with him was enough to turn anyone's
head.=20

Male or female.=20

"Ohayo! My name is Sasami."=20

Yasuro and Allain stared at the young woman. Such a cute voice. Such
beautiful purple-red eyes that seemed so full of wisdom and innocence. Such
a well-rounded figure. Such gorgeous sets of b..bb=85. *SMASH*

"What the hell was that for?!!" yelled Yasuro and Allain, feeling slightly
ticked off that their thoughts had been so horribly smashed before they
could finish it.=20

Three sets of eyes glared a them.=20

One blue, one brown, another green.=20

Sasami was laughing in the background.=20

Tenchi big sweated.=20

"Men can be such perverts!" Miko stated with distaste. "You'd think you my
brother would have had his fill from all those ecchi manga of his."=20

Mitsuko and Hikaru  were surprised about this. After all, what were they to
expect from hormone-crazed boys at the prime of their youth.=20

Taking advantage of the situation, Tenchi quickly grabbed Sasami and beat
the hell out of the place. Still, the damage had been done and no doubt he
would have to face the fruits of today's labor. That was not a good thought.=
=20

"Huff. Puff. Gah! Maybe the mall hadn't been such a great idea." he thought
out loud. "Say, Sasami -- Huh?! Wha?! Where?! Sasami?!!"=20

Tenchi glanced this way and that, trying to spot where Sasami had suddenly
disappeared to. Keen eyes made sharp by unusual methods allowed him to spot
Sasami. She appeared to be talking to a very animated middle-aged man with
a megaphone in one of his hands.=20

*Oh, no!!*

Tenchi quickly dashed towards Sasami hoping he could get them out of this
place with the barest minimum of hassles. He went through all the reason
why of all the places to go, he had to bring Sasami to the mall. Seeing the
futility his thoughts were leading to, he concentrated on the task at hand.

Sasami had inadvertently drew attention from some producer looking for
viable young women. Malls were, as the mouse-faced  producer explained, was
the very best place to find some. But to have found a jewel of incomparable
worth such as her made the trip all the more satisfying.=20

"Do want to be the next star in my movie, ne?? Ne?!! Onegai" the producer
practically pleaded.

"But sir! I thought we were to be holding a contest?!" someone nearby
objected vehemently.=20

"So what?! I have found my diamond in the rock! Nay! This priceless jewel!"
The producer cackled madly.=20

"Are you crazy! But.. but the show's about to start! We just can't cancel
the show now!" another voice declared, shouting it out practically at the
director at point blank range. "Do you want another display of feminine
wrath again?! Remember what happened when you did this crazy stunt in
Nerima?!!!"=20

"So what!!! It is the risk one must take for the art of producing films!"
the producer yelled back at the man with a megaphone. "Deal with it!" =20

Seeing the futility of making their crazed director understand the disaster
that might once more befall them, they decided to physically convince him.=
=20

"GET HIM!!" the assistant director shouted.=20

Everyone else complied with all due haste. Making use of the commotion,
Tenchi once again grabbed Sasami and beat a very hasty retreat.=20

*Good God! Just how did this suddenly got so way out of hand? They were
just supposed to have some fun not dodge classmates and film producers!!*
Tenchi thought sourly. But for some reason, the rational side of his mind
quietly informed him that regret was very far down the list. That disturbed
the rest of Tenchi's mind.=20

Sasami could not help giggle at the sudden turn of events. Malls were so
much fun! She glanced at the seemingly distressed Tenchi. "What's wrong,
Tenchi?" she inquired.

Tenchi looked back at the still smiling Sasami. *At least she's happy.*
Tenchi thought. "Nothing." He answered out loud. "Just worried about a few
things." *Make that a lot of things.*=20

"You really shouldn't be too worried about me, Tenchi." Sasami said,
motioning for Tenchi to sit next to her on the bench. "I mean, it's obvious
that while I am somewhat new to these things, they're not all together
different from the ones back home." Sasami looked thoughtful for a moment.
"Well, actually, it was different considering most people actually knew who
we were and most of the businessmen there deferred to our decisions about
cost and stuff."=20

Of course, Sasami omitted the fact that her sister somewhat pushed that
deferment practice to its limits when she chose to acquire things. You'd
think being the daughter of the emperor, you could at least splurge money.
Still, it was lucky that Ayeka only chose to go out of the royal palace
when she was in a really bad mood.=20

Those were thankfully rare thanks to their mother's quick thinking and
obvious ability to manage the royal households.=20

Tenchi sighed, sitting beside Sasami. "It just ain't that, Sasami. I guess
you could say I'm not used to having so many women after me. Heaven only
knows that I'm not much to look at."=20

"You are so silly sometimes, Tenchi." Sasami chided. "None of _us_ like you
because you're as handsome as that Fabio guy. It's because of your heart
that women like us are attracted to you. Much as Ayeka tries to hide it,
she likes you just as much as Ryoko because of that. Not because she sees
something in you that is Yosho."=20

Tenchi started nervously at Sasami. The things she just said, while it did
make sense, was all the more terrifying since Sasami had so far included
herself in the list. If memory served him correctly, Kiyone was probably
the only one without any romantic interests in him.=20

Or did she?=20

As if reading his mind, Sasami smiled, laying one gentle hand on Tenchi's
face. "Yes, Tenchi." she said softly, almost huskily. "That includes even
me."=20

"Sa=85Sasami=85 I=85" he began, stammering a response.

"Hush, Tenchi. Today is the only day I could ever make you understand what
lies within my heart. I know that this feeling within me is as strong as
the ones my sister and Ryoko have for you, if not stronger. Indeed, I too
am in love with you. Far more than even I am willing to say."=20

A single tear drop trickled down her face.

Tenchi stared, unwilling or unable to utter a single coherent word much
less a thought. He just could not believe the words Sasami had spoken.
True, maybe he still considered her to be the adorable, mischief-loving
little girl but somehow, somewhere along the line, he knew, in his heart,
that the words Sasami just spoke did not stem from that part of her.=20

It was the woman Sasami is now that spoke, mirroring the intense feeling of
her younger half. Trying to make it appear as a mere childhood thing was
out of the question. The words themselves held a deeper inner meaning. One
that Tenchi had yet to fully understand.=20

"Does it surprise all that much Tenchi?" Sasami asked gently.=20

Tenchi nodded.=20

"Well, perhaps this will make you understand."=20

With further ado, Sasami leaned close and kissed Tenchi full on the lips,
channeling all her emotions into that single kiss. Time seemed to stop for
one Tenchi Masaki. Tenchi was surprised by the passion he felt with that
kiss. Compared to the one Ryoko had given him earlier, this one, stunned
him with its gentleness and innocence.=20

Truly worthy of the woman Sasami had become just for him.=20

Time lasted for an eternity for the both of them, locked in a kiss that
transcended even reality. While to the outside world, it may have lasted
mere seconds, for them both, it became a bond with which they shared one
another's thoughts and dreams.=20

Another effect was that it allowed them both to share one another's past.=20

"Sasami=85"=20

"Tenchi=85."

Everyone else applauded. Tenchi and Sasami glanced around, looking at many
a number of teary-eyed people.=20

"Okay people, break it up. This is a mall not a movie house." a voice
declared loudly, shooing off all those pesky people that seemed to have
gathered around the two.=20

Tenchi and Sasami glanced at the very familiar form of Kiyone who seemed to
be trying to hide this insane little grin. Still, the sparkle in her eyes
more than made up for it.=20

"Uh,=85 hi there Kiyone-san. Fancy meeting you here." Tenchi began _very_
nervously.=20

"Hello, Kiy-chan!" Sasami greeted cheerfully, as if unaware of what she had
just done with Tenchi so very publicly. "What brings you to this part of
the city?"=20

Kiyone shrugged. "Nothing. I got a job here as a security expert." She
smiled, for the first time, this one was devoid of the usual sarcastic edge
to it. "For once, Mihoshi managed to screw up just right."=20

"Huh? What did she do to actually make you happy for once?" Tenchi
inquired, curious as to what Mihoshi had managed to do this time.

"You could say, her crazy stunts managed to land me a decent enough job for
the two of us."=20

"I guess that's why she's been acting rather more of herself than she
normally does." Tenchi observed. He eyed Kiyone. "I hope you won't say
anything about this to either of them."=20

Kiyone smiled, knowing full well whom Tenchi had meant. even if they found
out, she was doubtful Ryoko or Ayeka could do anything to Sasami. After
all, no one else in the whole household knew how to cook anything edible.
And if worst comes to worst, none of them would actually lay a hand on
Sasami -- well almost anyway.=20

"Not to worry." Kiyone answered. "Although I'm sure they'll find out sooner
than to be expected."=20

"Huh?"=20

Kiyone pointed behind them.=20

Tenchi and Sasami turned around to see  two very angry, very pissed-off
women.=20

"SASAMI!!!!"=20

"Yes?" Sasami asked sweetly, turning to smile at her sister and Ryoko.=20

Hell hath no fury like a princess and a pirate scorned.


=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D


Sometime later, after a very brief standoff, two disgruntled women, one
very nervous young man, a very beautiful woman dressed in an extremely
elaborate kimono, and one obviously smiling woman with a red bandanna sat
around eating a meal Kiyone had decided to treat them all to in the hopes
it would dispel any problems.=20

She glanced at the still very miffed princess and an obviously seething but
somewhat resigned space pirate.

Well, for the time being anyway.=20

Hopefully well after they had left the premises of this place. After all,
she had already _IMPRESSED_ her dissatisfaction if they tried anything
while in her mall. She had stressed the importance of being able to still
find the mall intact after today.=20

Kiyone glanced at Mihoshi. Then again, that was too much to hope for.
Kiyone prayed to whatever gods still around that they spare her another
round of grief and pain. Better yet, just make Mihoshi stay away from her
-- forever.=20

The mood around the table was just a tad bit below 50 Kelvin.=20

Kiyone cursed, wishing she'd had, at least, brought her jacket.=20

"I cannot believe you would do such a thing to your own dear sister,
Sasami." Ayeka stated in a cool, rather scolding voice. "To think you would
do such a thing behind my back=85 Why --"=20

"You really like Tenchi too don't you, Sasami." Ryoko asked, going directly
to the heart of the matter.=20

Sasami averted her gaze, wondering how she was to explain all that she had
done.=20

*Three simple words should do the trick, Sasami-chan.* the voice suggested
gently.=20

"I love him."=20

The silence that followed was enough to make people someone had punched in
MUTE on the TV.=20


[Radler: You moron! Stop that! This was just getting to some of the great
parts.]
[Tia: Okay already! <Wham> Jerk! Don't call me a moron in my face.]
[Karl: Just sit down and punch up the unpause button already!!]=20


"Direct aren't we, Sasami." Washuu declared, appearing out of one of her
subspace doors.=20

For some reason, no one else noticed the genius scientist's entrance. Then
again, nothing was impossible for the greatest scientific genius in the
whole universe.=20

"What can I say but that." Sasami replied, unshaken by her own sudden
admission.=20

 "Sasami=85." Ayeka began, unwilling to accept what she had just heard.=20

Ryoko, for once in her life could do little than stare sadly at Tenchi. The
look of pure loss written clearly across the pain her eyes mirrored.=20

"Can't we all just be friends and share???" Mihoshi asked in that insanely
sweet, high-pitched, utterly kawaii voice of hers.=20

"MIHOSHI!!!!"=20


=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D


Tenchi sighed, lying with his arms behind his head on the bed, wondering
just how on Earth did his life turn so very crazy. He did not begrudge what
has happened so far in his life. It was fun, fun, and fun. Life could never
have been so filled with so many interesting things all at once every
second of the day.=20

No. He was happy with everything God had dealt him. He was content, happy
even if you could just forget the fact that he's the subject of attention
in the house. Added to this fact was that he was actually the legitimate
male heir of the House of Jurai. =20

Tenchi heard the door to his room open, admitting the still adult Sasami.
Tenchi sat up, wondering if he should be worried about this sudden
intrusion. Sasami wore a very conservative Jurain-type sleeping gown.=20

"Hello, Sasami." he greeted.=20

"Hi, Tenchi." Sasami replied, taking a seat on the bed, quite close to
Tenchi. "Fun day, huh?"=20

Tenchi smiled, recalling some of the more crazier aspects of the trip to
the mall. He was relieved to see that nothing bad had happened. Like maybe
blow up part of Tokyo or something to that effect.=20

"Tenchi=85. I hope someday you will understand my feeling for you. I know=
 you
merely see me as a younger sister but I know deep in my heart that I cannot
be that anymore. I simply cannot have that." Sasami smiled. "I can always
wait, Tenchi. I have the time to wait."=20

Sasami bent over and bestowed another kiss to Tenchi who, without any
apparent hesitation, kissed the young princess back. It lasted for quite
some time, much to the displeasure of those who now stood around the two
couple.=20

"SASAMI!!!!!"=20


=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D


Epilogue

Many within the Masaki house was asleep, the night offering very little to
keep most of its inhabitants awake. A young woman sat, staring at the clear
night sky, watching the stars dance in heaven. The moon high above lit the
whole area with its faint, yellow glow.=20

Sasami gazed at the heavens, wondering what to do. She had done all she
could right now, all she had to do now was wait. She had made known her
feelings for Tenchi, much to the displeasure of the others who chased after
Tenchi. Still, she did not care. Like anyone else, she was a woman of
needs. And like anyone else, she wanted someone whom she felt could satisfy
those needs.

Tenchi fit the bill quite nicely.=20

Still, Sasami knew she had to contend with a few others who vied for
Tenchi. Namely, her sister Ayeka and the space pirate Ryoko. She did not
mind the competition.=20

After all, all is fair in love and war.=20

She could wait.=20

What was time to someone like her?




Radler

This fic was brought to you by Zu Productions
Copyright by th Zu Productions
1998


"A man's house is his SDF, and his car is his Valkyrie."
			-- Old anime proverb.


Nikholas F. Toledo Zu @=
 http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Flats/3145/mezza9.html
Vector, Switch, Yebah, Rain Man, goo, Pervert, Scruples, Hollie, NomaD,
Blitz, Gee, Datzo, Jewel, Elf, Radler, Pinball, Mayhem, Chaos, Father, Attar
Fanfiction @ http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Flats/3145/fanfics.html
Warp Zone @ http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Flats/3145/thirteen.html
----------------------------------------------------------------
The logo of the Church of All Worlds is nine concentric circles.
Word from the Laity:  Wipe yer feet!  Bloody 'ell...
http://www.geocities.com/SoHo/Gallery/3145/index.html
Currently under construction... confessional at the links.
----------------------------------------------------------------
