    Tenchi walked up the side of the hill, heading towards the clearing that
Mihoshi has suggested they meet.  He brushed past low hanging branches and
pushed through tall grass, thinking about the questions he would ask her.
    'I wonder why she asked me to meet her in the woods,' he thought was he
watched the afternoon sun approaching the hills to the West.  'We'll miss
dinner if we talk for too long.'

    Behind Tenchi the two robotic Guardians followed, finding it easy to
hide
with their brown, bark-like bodies among the trees of the darkening forest.
    "Do you think this version of history will fit our files?" inquired
Azaka, as it moved around a somewhat large rock.
    "With Mihoshi telling it?" commented Katsuhito.

    Tenchi found the clearing and Mihoshi.  She was sitting on a red and
white blanket, with a small meal spread out on it.  He stared and realized
that she was going to feed him.  "Well, at least we won't miss dinner..."
    Tenchi suddenly realized something else.  She thought he had asked her
out on a date.  To ask her about galactic history directly now might upset
her, making her understand her mistake.
    Tenchi sighed, "Well, it can't be any worse than having dinner with
Ayeka
and Ryoko."

    Mihoshi watched Tenchi enter the clearing and wave as her.  She smiled
and adjusted her tank top.
    "I see you're wearing the tank top you bought during our last shopping
spree," said Tenchi, blushing.
    "Oh yes," said Mihoshi with a grin, as she prepared a plate of scrambled
tofu with spring onions.  "I won't be able to wear it soon, as it is getting
colder."
    "Yes," remarked Tenchi as he knelt down, accepting the plate, "fall is
in
the air and winter is just around the corner."
    Mihoshi smiled at Tenchi and added, "I'll have to break out my uniform
soon.  It's very warm, made for space travel."
    Tenchi nodded and asked, "Mihoshi, when did you decide to join the
Galaxy
Police anyway?"
    "Oh," giggled Mihoshi, "I was a very young girl..."

******************************************************************************

**************************************************************************Loca

tion: Astronomy Station D-34, High Orbit of Seniwa.
Time: 10,863 GU.
    Mihoshi glazed up in wonder, like the others of her science class, as
the
teacher pointed out the viewing window.
    "See," said Mr. Glish, "the newest of the Galaxy Police Ships.  Fresh
from the shipyards in orbit about Sanctus.  Five new Thunder-Class Frigates,
only five out of twenty new battleships designed by both Feles scientists
and
Juraian engineers.  As you can see, class, it has the latest in hyperspace
engines, missile launchers, first class sensors and a heavier hull than most
ships."
    Mihoshi's eyes seemed to glow, as the five ships, in perfect formation,
passed by the tiny space station.  Her didn't need to hear the words of the
teacher.  The vision of the white ships moving slowly by were enough for her
to recognize their power, their grace.  The golden symbol of the Galaxy
Police seemed to blaze out from the hull, like some kind of banner made from
living flames.
    As the ships disappeared slowly into the night of space, Mihoshi
promised
herself she would one day join them.

******************************************************************************

**************************************************************************
Tenchi gaped at Mihoshi as she finished her story.  'How old IS she?' he
wondered as she poured him some tea.
    Mihoshi noticed Tenchi's confusion and asked, "Are you OK?"
    "Sure," stated Tenchi, rubbing the back of his neck, "just wondering how
Sanctus joined the Galactic Union and started building Galaxy Police ships."
    "Oh, they never joined it," stated Mihoshi with a giggle.
    "They didn't?"
    "No," continued Mihoshi.  "They were kind of with it at the beginning.
You see..."

******************************************************************************

*************************************************************************Locat

ion: Hazel, Capital Planet of the Trade Combine.
Time: 5 BGU.
    "I see no other choice," commented Coordinator Marnum at the head of the
table, as a servant refilled his mug with warm mead.
    "We have many choices," demanded one of the Combine's many Magistrates.
    "Yes," said a second as he brushed some lint from his fur coat, "we can
fight the Kingdom of Jurai.  We out number them easily.  Our armies can
flood
their planets with our troops."
    "Outnumber them, yes," commented a third, "but can we outfight them? I
don't think our fleets, no matter how numerous they may be, are fit to fight
against REAL battleships.  They are use to fighting pirates and running down
smugglers."  He snapped his longish fangs and slammed a furry paw onto the
table.
    "Then what do you suggest?" demanded the first Magistrate, as he played
with one of his rings, "that we just let them take OUR planets one by one
also?"
    Magistrate Varro listened silently to the Magistrates of the Trade
Combine as they debated with and insulted each other.  Each and every one of
them were merchants, Princes of vast wealth and owners of huge shipping
lines.  He rubbed his tiny wet nose and sipped his cup of watered down wine,
as two of the members started to debate bribing the current King of Jurai,
as
if he was just another businessman.
    "My dear fellows," cut in Coordinator Marnum, "our only choice, our only
hope is to allow the Kingdom to join the Combine, like any other planet.  We
could defuse their aggression with our own laws.  Our constitution will
limit-"
    He, himself, was cut off as one of the feline-like members laughed and
said, "Defuse them?  They have advanced weapons, better defenses and
stronger
hulls.  Their living ships might not be as fast as our Quantum computers,
but
they're a hell of a lot smarter and tougher.  Our advances in subspace radio
and hyperspace engines might help us with keeping deadlines and getting
fresh
information from the interstellar markets, but they don't do SHIT in
defending our planets!"
    "Now, now, please, calm yourselves," stated Marnum, as the table of
magistrates, representing the human or humanoid races of the Trade Combine,
started to verbal fight each other.
    "May I say something?" stated the Sanctus's representative to the
Combine's Assembly, as he placed his tiny cup down on the table.
    The table became quiet, as each of the Magistrates and the Coordinator
stared at Varro.  For the Magistrate from Sanctus to say anything was very
rare and when a Feles, of any position or bloodline, said something
EVERYBODY
listened.
    "As I see the problem," stated the tiny official as he stood up on the
books that were in his chair, which allowed him to be level with the table,
"our big problem is NOT that the Kingdom will become the biggest political
party within the Combine.  Many of you will just join up to counter their
power on the Assembly's floor.  The biggest is that they will continue to
expand their space, at the cost of members of this Trade Union."
    Many of the members looked at each other, as they counted the number of
planets ruled by the Jurai Royal House inside their heads.  "How many in the
Assembly will they have?" asked a furry Magistrate out loud, as they others
waved him to silence, wishing to hear Varro clearly.
    Varro smiled, as he adjusted the heavy gold necklace about his neck and
smoothed out the white fur.  "What if we were to design a force to counter
their military forces?"

******************************************************************************

**************************************************************************
    "The Feles suggested WHAT?" gasped Tenchi, almost spilling his drink.

******************************************************************************

**************************************************************************
Location: Royal Palace of Jurai.
Time: 5 BGU.
    "They've done what?" asked King Aritomo the Third, as Commander of the
Royal Body Guard looked nervous.
    "Sire," stated Iou, "they have changed the deal slightly.  We will not
just join them as another member of the Trade Combine.  We will join them,
each side keeping their rights, but equal to the other in a Galactic Union.
Also, when formed, they will found a Galaxy Police force which our people,
if
they wish it, may also enlist into."
    "Galaxy Police Force?" said the King as he leaned back in his throne.
"Interesting.  And?"
    "Yes, sire," continued the sweating Commander.  "The force will be given
rights, by both the Union and our Kingdom, to protect member planets and
nonmember planets."
    "So," said the King, "they would isolate us within the Union.  They plan
to stop our growth and keep us from defending our colonies.  We will see.
Commander, call the members of the Holy Council to my chambers."

******************************************************************************

**************************************************************************
    "So," said Tenchi as he sipped his tea, watching the sun get closer to
the top of the hill, "they joined the Trade Combine, making it the Galactic
Union, but as an imperial power within the Union."
    "Oh yes," stated Mihoshi as she enjoyed her tofu.  "The Galaxy Police
became a great power within the Union.  No longer were planets left to
defend
themselves with their tiny fleets and armies.  Now there was a force to
protect the former Trade planets, from outsides and themselves.  As the
Jurai
Royal House's lawyers tried to find loopholes the Princes and rich families
among the Trade planets joined together to keep the peace.  Now their
resources could be used to help develop their planets and make the new Union
stronger."
    Tenchi blinked, amazed at Mihoshi's knowledge of both the events and the
sometimes selfish motivation behind them.  Having a Grandfather who was the
Marshal of the Galaxy Police no doubt helped.
    "The Jurai Royal House has found some loopholes," pointed out Tenchi.
"This planet for example.  It is called Colonial Planet 0-315."
    "One day the Jurai plan to bring their people here," stated Mihoshi.
"It
was delayed by the Assembly's actions."
    Tenchi stared up at the sky which was turning reddish and would soon be
star filled.  Beyond his sight, beyond the nearest stars, there were ships,
waiting.  Colony ships and warships who, with a word from the King of Jurai,
would sweep down onto the planet and turn his Earth into another colony of
an
unfeeling, uncaring bureaucracy.
    Mihoshi sighed, glancing at her cup of tea and added, "The power
struggle
between the Union Assembly and the Royal House continues even now.  Even now
they plot against each other, trying to undermine each other's authority."
    "I see," said Tenchi, as he thought about the day he had met King Azusa.
The King had seemed cold and very grim, only smiling when Ryo-Ohki had done
a
little dance for him.  A King, from a long line of Kings, rulers who had
been
both ruthless and cunning.
    "Still," added Mihoshi, "the Trade Combine's fears were really
unfounded.
 The Jurai military could have won the war, but they would have never been
able to occupy so many planets.  The Combine had at least five times the
worlds and ten times the population.  Juraian worlds were ruled by and still
are ruled by a class of nobles, who run their people by a feudal system of
old traditions and strict legal codes.  Everything from ship building to
birth is controlled by the checks and balances put in place and run by the
Royal House, the military and the planetary nobility."
    Mihoshi started to pack up the leftovers and the dirty dishes as she
continued, "The planets of the Trade Combine and, now, the Galactic Union
are
part of a greater whole but are still run by local governments, with all
their cultural values and ideals still intact.  The huge middle class really
rules the Union and they believe strongly in a planet's right to judge its
own and in the individual's right to freedom of choice."
    Mihoshi smiled at Tenchi and asked, "Ready to go?"

    As Mihoshi and Tenchi, walked back to the house, hand in hand, the
Guardians slowly followed.
    "That seems to fit the history files," commented Azaka.
    "The history files that they have deemed fit to program into us,"
corrected Kamidake.
    "We need to request more data from Prince Yosho," stated Azaka.

Epilogue:

    "So," said Katsuhito as the two Guardians crowded into the Shrine's
office, "you wish to know why certain information was not included in your
programming?"
    "That is correct your Highness," replied Kamidake.
    "We have noticed a pattern to the missing information," added Azaka, as
it moved up next to Kamidake.
    "Oh?" remarked Katsuhito has he placed the papers he had been working on
down, looking up at the two robots.
    "The information linked the race of Feles to certain events," stated
Kamidake, "many of which are of great importance."
    "If this new data is correct," continued Azaka, "this would suggest the
planet of Sanctus and its colonies have been manipulating the future of the
Kingdom of Jurai.  That makes them a danger to you and the Royal House."
    "This suggests that our builders were either very lax in their duty,"
Kamidake pointed out, "or traitors to the House of Jurai."
    "Your builders did not have the information available to them,"
corrected
Katsuhito, as he carefully filed the papers away into his office's filing
cabinet.  "Much of the information is spread out, in so many sources, that
no
Juraian Historian would have access to it.  It is too dangerous for anybody
to have."
    "If it is TRUE," complained Azaka, "then the House is in danger from the
remaining members of the Yueh Clan who are being sheltered by members of the
Sanctus School of Sovereigns.  We must send this data to Jurai at-"
    "NO."
    The two Guardians became silent.
    "They were just helping the Yueh Clan," remarked the old man, calmly, as
he took off his glasses to clean them.  "They wanted to help them and their
followers to return to their homeland.  Yes, they like to control events,
but
they hate war and wished only to help others."
    "You have been in contact with them," said Azaka.
    "They felt I could be trusted," explained Katsuhito, "as I was only
half-Juraian.  They felt I would not be so swift to seek vengeance after all
these centuries."
    The prince sat down in front of the door, as the sky slowly became
darker, the two Guardians moving behind him, as if to watch the stars with
him.
    "The Feles worked to slightly change the Yueh's DNA," said Katsuhito as
the stars came out, one by one.
    "With the knowledge given to them by Washu," added Kamidake.
    "Right," smiled Katsuhito.  "The Yueh were planted on a small planet
near
the Kingdom's border, but in the Trade Combine's space.  When the Galactic
Union was formed these descendants of the Yueh, and their allies, asked for
citizenship with the Kingdom of Jurai."
    "Of course, their DNA was checked," remarked Azaka, "and was found to be
within Jurai norm."
    "Yes," chuckled Katsuhito, "and their planet become part of the Kingdom.
Official, the Jurai government decided that the planet must have been
colonized by a lost colony ship, one of the many lost during the first wave
of expansion shortly after the Royal House of Jurai was founded."
    "There could be millions of them within the Kingdom," commented
Kamidake.
    "Of yes," added Katsuhito, "at least that many."
    "To report it now," stated Azaka, "could bring about a Civil War."
    "Maybe," murmured Katsuhito with a not-so-helpful nod of his head.
    "That would not help the Jurai House," Kamidake exclaimed, sounding a
tad
stressed out.
    Katsuhito and the two Guardians sat on the steps of the office, watching
the night sky fill itself with red, blue and green diamonds.  The two
Guardians were silent for a few moments, then Azaka asked, "Did they ever
find out if they were byproducts of visiting aliens?"
    Katsuhito shook his head and said, "They won't ever know."
    "How sad," said Kamidake.
    Silence, like the night, fell upon the hillside.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  'Azusa'
and 'Seniwa' are borrowed from the Techi Novels (as I could not find a
source
in the OVA that told me the King's name or where Mihoshi came from).  I was
getting sick of calling the King of Jurai the 'King of Jurai', or the 'King'
or 'hey you'.
