Visions, part one

by Elemen the Bard

blurb:

only a dream can tell ^_-

section: regular

disclaimer:
(Stanard disclaimer ramblings about AIC/pioneer and Viz comics owning Tenchi
and such,this is my speculation on what would happen after TIL:1, so if you
don't like it, tell me.  Also give me a break this is one of my first
fan-fics so, ah never mind let's just get on with the story.  Oops,hehe, I
meant: ON WITH THE STORY!!!!)

story:

Masaki house: 2000, March 17, 40 days to oblivion

        "Ryoko will you quit it!!" Tenchi exploded.  He was on his last
string of
patiance when Ryoko had cut it.  She had gotten into a fight with Aeka over,
what else, him.  He knew that Ryoko had started it, and he was tired of
their fights happening in his house.  "Why must you incesently taunt Aeka
into fighting with you?!? Is it your goal in life to make her life
miserable?!  I hate that goal in the first place, and if it is your goal....
ooohh, you, you, you, I h-hate you!!  I hate you!"
        Ryoko fell back as if she had been slapped.  Tenchi had never said
that
before, he must have meant it, and the last thing she wanted was to have
Tenchi hate her.  She had to do something, to _say_ something.
        There was a moment of silence.  Tenchi glared at Ryoko still holding
his
chop-sticks in his hand.  Ryoko stared wide-eyed at Tenchi a look of
bewilderment on her face.  Aeka was frozen in a shocked position and looked
in disbelief at Tenchi.  She had never thought he would yell at Ryoko. Time
began again as Tenchi dropped his chop-sticks on the floor.
        "Tenchi?" Ryoko said weakly.  Tenchi growled at her in response.
Ryoko got
up dusted herself off.  She then raised her eyes to meat Tenchi's.  "That's
how you want it then?  Fine," she sniffed.  She then proceeded to bolt for
the door.  Tenchi was done with Ryoko, but not with Aeka
        "And you, miss pricess, your just as bad as Ryoko, you give her
subjects to
tease you on, you fight back when Ryoko does tease you, and you waste time
on ineffective stratigies to _try_ to win my favor!!! So would you please
QUIT IT?!?!" and with that Tenchi's steam ran down, and he slumped back into
his normal self.  He quickly commensed apologizing to Aeka for blowing up at
her, and then ran off to see if he could find Ryoko....

*****************************************

        It was dark.  Well of course it was it was night time.  A clap of
thunder
rumbled in the distance.  The rain tapped the windows as Tenchi sat in his
futon, unable to sleep.  His mind kept falling back to lunch time when he
had blown up at Ryoko.  Ryoko had practically shattered right there on the
spot.  Yes he had attacked Aeka too, but he at least had the chance to
apologize.  He didn't get that chance with Ryoko
        The look on her face had cut him to the core.  She had run off
before he
could apologize, and she hadn't come back yet.  He had been kicking himself
all day.  Actually he had been trying to convince himself that it was for
the better.  He had been kicking himself ever since he had sat down on his
futon.  He felt like it was the end of the world. <That may be coming sooner
than you think Tenchi,> a voice said in the back of his mind, Tenchi didn't
notice.
        He lay back on the bed.  ‘Oh well' he thought, ‘She'll be back in
the
morning, and probably in _my_ bed.' He closed his eyes, and the soft grip of
sleep enclosed him.  His last thought was: ‘if only I could see what the
future was.......'
~~~~~~~~~
        He woke with a start, his head was encased in a grey mist that he
barely
noticed.  He looked at his clock, it read 9:36.  Unfortunetlly he didn't
even notice the date, it read April 26, 2000.  He wondered how he could have
slept in, he had never done so before.  He rolled over and encountered....
nothing.  Ryoko was not in bed with him, she hadn't shown up.  He
discontentedly got up out of bed.
        He walked down the stairs.  The house was erily quiet, usually Aeka
and
Ryoko were fighting (but Ryoko isn't here' he berated himself) and Mihoshi
was snoring on the couch.  The sound of running water as Sasami washed the
dishes.
        As he entered the kitchen he noticed something that was extreamly
odd.
Sasami was not there, she wasn't at the sink where she usually was after
everyone else would be done with breakfast. He shrugged it off and went over
to the table to pick up an apple.
        A hand grabbed his shoulder, he turned and cried out with surprize.
Ryoko
stood there eyes glazed, and a tear frozen on her cheek.  She was wearing a
strange black dress and her hair was cut long and flowed straight down her
back.  He wondered about the change in hair style, but he brushed it off.
        "Ryoko, where have you been?  We were looking for you all day
yesterday.
I'm so glad your safe," Tenchi said, relaxing a little but still taking note
of the tear on her cheek.
        "Good bye Tenchi," Ryoko replied in a ghostly voice.  She turned and
began
to walk away. Tenchi's face lost it's smile and he ran up to her.
        "Good-bye?  What do you mean?" he asked.  He grabbed her hand and
prevented
her from moving forward.
        "Please Tenchi dont make this any harder than it all ready is,"
Ryoko
answered, turning her face away from Tenchi's.  Tenchi noticed that the side
of her outfit was blood red, as if there was a flesh wound right underneath.
  This shocked him into letting go of her hand.
        "Ryoko are you all right?" Tenchi was becoming concerned.  If she
had been
hurt he would never forgive himself for chasing her off the day before.
        "I.... I have to go Tenchi, maybe..  maybe we'll meet again
someday," then
she ran from him. She phased through the door and tried to run furthur, but
Tenchi had grabbed her arm.  She resited but Tenchi held her there.
        "Ryoko, why are you trying to run from me.  Don't go, I was
heart-broken
when you left yesterday," this made Ryoko pause.  She turned to face him for
an instant.  The pained look in her eyes shocked Tenchi into loosening his
grip.  It was the second time she had shocked him.
        Their eyes were locked for that instant.  In that instant the world
was
centered around those two.  Nothing was more important than them.  Nothing
could seperate them in that moment.
        "Oh, Tenchi," Ryoko whispered, she stared into his eyes for a minute
more
then commensed struggling again.  She easely broke free and ran off into the
woods, Tenchi following close behind.
        "Ryoko," Tenchi cried.  He stopped dead in his tracks.  He looked at
the
ground.  All the way from the house to where Ryoko was there was a trail of
blood.  He looked up to see that Ryoko had collapsed on the ground.  He ran
up to her.
        "Tenchi, good-bye," Ryoko said as he cradled her in his arms.  The
frozen
tear on her face had turned crimson, and all the way from her arm to her
legs the left side of her outfit was crimson.
        "Ryoko, no, no, you would never give up so easely, never, never,"
Tenchi
said, his voice quivering.  As Ryoko fell limp time seemed to stand still.
In fact it did, nothing moved, nothing breathed, everything stood still.
        "Tenchi, wake up," Washuu had appeared out of nowhere.  He had no
idea how
long she had been watching.  "Wake up Tenchi, your dreaming wake up," Tenchi
was engulfed in light as the slight greyness that had engulfed him since he
had woken phased out.
~~~~~~~~~
        "Huh?" Tenchi rubbed his eyes, and found Washuu bending over him.
"Washuu,
what are you doing in here?" Tenchi was all ready begining to forget his
dream.  It would come tearing back into his mind later.
        "It's time for breakfast, you overslept," Washuu replied.
        "Oh."
        "And Tenchi," Washuu began.
        "Yes?"
        "There's someone at the table that wants to see you, she hasn't any
idea
what happened yesterday," she finished with a smile.
        "Ryoko?," Tenchi guessed, Washuu nodded and Tenchi was out of bed
and
down-stairs in the course of three seconds.
        "Well Tenchi, I do what I can," Washuu muttered, after Tenchi had
left the
room.  She was worried about that dream Tenchi had, but she brushed it off
as a nightmare.  She then walked out of the room and headed down-stairs for
breakfast.
        "Ryoko!" Tenchi cried, grabbing Ryoko in his arms and lifting her
off the
ground
        "Woah, woah, Tenchi!" Ryoko gasped out.  "Aren't I the one who
usually does
this?"
        "Ryoko, I'm so happy to see your okay!" Tenchi exclaimed, letting
Ryoko
down.  Ryoko shot a smile at Aeka, Aeka shot a dark glance back.
        "Well that was interesting," Ryoko commented under her breath, as
she sat
down at the table. Aeka got up and left in a _bad_ mood.
        "What's with her?" Tenchi asked, staring into the hall that Aeka had
stomped off into.
        "Oh, I don't know maybe she was sick, she was looking a little
green,"
Ryoko said with a grin plastered all over her face.
``````````
end part one
``````````
Epilouge to part one:

        The cell lacked lighting, a wise choice for this criminal, or should
I say
these ciminals.  Four figures moved sluggishly while a fifth lay on his bed
smiling to himself.  His claws rested on his chest. He sat up jumped off his
bed and looked at his room-mates.
        "Soon my friends, soon.  We shall not be ignored forever, soon the
princess, and the pirate, will know our wrath!" The man said and raised his
claw into the air and began laughing maniacally. The other figures grunted
in response, and continued to move in thier own ways around the A-1 class
cell.....
``````````
end epilouge
``````````

Author's notes:

Want to know what that dream meant?  Want to know where Aeka stomped off
too?  Want to know why Ryoko doesn't remember when Tenchi blew up at her?
Or do you want to know who those people in the A-1 cell were?  Find out in
the next episode of Tenchi Muyo!  "Visions"

hi this is the bard, Elemen, I would like feed back please.  And also if
your going to criticize make it constructive, like "it sucks because....."
that is constuctive, "it sucks" is not.  So I leave you with this:

fly high,
into the sky,
that is where all treasure lies.

But if you fly,
much too high,
you will be lost forever to, the sky.

Elemen, the Bard

king_elemen@hotmail.com