TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER NINETEEN
No Need For An Alibi
____________________


"Is there any more ice cream?" Mihoshi asked, setting down her bowl 
and the plastic spoon that had been purchased at the confectionary 
shop, along with numerous flavors of the cold, creamy confection.

"Mihoshi...you had four bowls already."  Sasami smiled with fond 
exasperation at her friend.

"Oh.  I'd just like some more."  Mihoshi looked at Kiyone, expecting 
her partner to razz her about all the ice cream she had eaten, 
especially after she had really gone to town on the fish cakes and 
rice and vegetable pilaf Sasami had served for dinner.

However, Kiyone just smiled softly at her and said, "Of course you 
do, partner.  There's plenty left."

"Really?"  Mihoshi had not expected that response from Kiyone.  In 
fact, Kiyone had been acting unexpectedly sweet to her ever since 
their confrontation over Tris.  All the way to and from the 
confectionary store, Kiyone, riding in front with Tris, had even sung 
along to Mihoshi's new favorite song—-"Octopus's Garden," by the 
Beatles.  (Mihoshi's mind occasionally wandered back to Abbey Road.  
She had loved that album as well as the trip to the department store.)  
Mihoshi was happy about it, but she could not understand why Kiyone 
had suddenly become so sweet tempered.  

"Really.  In fact, I think Tris is already getting you some more-—"

Almost immediately, Tris appeared from the kitchen with another 
Mihoshi "special"—-scoops of chocolate and peach ice cream heaped in 
a bowl.

"Here you are," he told Mihoshi, walking to where she sat at the table 
and setting the ice cream down in front of her, beside her empty bowl.

"Gosh!"  Mihoshi was gratified beyond measure.  "How did you know, 
Tris?"

"I saw your bowl getting low," Tris explained.  He slightly raised 
his voice.  "How's everyone else doing?"

Everyone else just nodded, mainly because most of them had their 
mouths full of ice cream.  They seemed fine for the moment—-except 
Washuu, who suddenly asked, "Hey, is there any more of that cherry 
ice cream, Tris?"

"Yep," Tris said amiably.  "How many scoops?"

"Just two, cutie.  We girls have to watch our figures."  Washuu 
grinned.  She glanced sidelong at Nobuyuki.  "So our fellas will 
watch our figures."

Nobuyuki laughed.  He didn't notice that his son was staring at him.  
Tenchi was still a bit bemused over the rapid ripening of his father's 
romance with the red-haired super scientist.  And they still needed to 
have that talk.

Lord Yosho asked, "Tristram, have you had any ice cream at all?  
You've been busy serving the rest of us, and I don't believe you 
have."

"Oh, I will in a moment, sir.  I'll just get Washuu's order."  Tris 
walked back to the kitchen.

"Can't someone get Tris to sit down and enjoy a little of the ice 
cream he got for us?" Sasami wondered aloud.

Almost simultaneously, Kiyone and Tenchi rose...then, seeing each 
other, they laughed.

"Okay, Kiyone."  Tenchi grinned.  "He's all yours."

Kiyone smiled.  "That's right, Tenchi...he is."

Tenchi looked at her, puzzled.  What did she mean by that?  She had 
said it in such an odd way, as if she meant something by it.  Then he 
felt someone tug at his arm.  He looked down.  It was Ryoko.  She 
grinned up at him.  "More chocolate, please, sweetums!"

"I'll get it, Ryoko," Kiyone said.

"Thanks, Kiyone, but I was kind of hoping Tenchi would."

"I'll get it, I said," Kiyone said firmly.  She snatched up Ryoko's 
empty bowl.

"Uh...okay, girl."  Ryoko looked a bit startled.  Tenchi started to 
ask Kiyone if anything was wrong, but she was already on her way to 
the kitchen, carrying Ryoko's bowl.

"What's up with her?" Ryoko asked.

"I don't know," Tenchi admitted.  He settled back down on his mat.  

"Why should anything be up with Kiyone?" Ayeka asked, after finally 
swallowing the rather substantial chunk of strawberry ice cream she 
had crammed into her mouth (ice cream made her lose all decorum...she 
loved it so).  "She merely wanted to get you your ice cream, so 
Tristram can finally have a chance to sit down."

"Yeah, but he had to go to the kitchen anyway to get Washuu's order," 
Ryoko pointed out.  "Hey, I know--she wanted some time alone with Tris 
in the kitchen.  Now I understand!  Even ice cream can't cool those 
two off!"  The space pirate smirked.   

Ayeka noted the smirk.  She bristled at what she felt Ryoko was 
implying.  And after they had that discussion, too!  "Yes, I am quite 
certain you understand, Ryoko.  You would have us think they are going 
to make mad, passionate love on the kitchen table," she snapped.  Then 
she blushed as she realized what she had said.

"Ayeka!" Tenchi cried.

"Hah, Princess!  Get your mind out of the gutter!"  Ryoko laughed with 
unholy glee.

"Good heavens!" Ayeka said, abashed.  "Did I really say that?"

"Yeah, you did!"  Ryoko tossed her platinum hair.  "But you're right, 
really, Princess, about what you said before about those two.  She's 
probably in the kitchen right now telling him to go sit down and have 
some ice cream and he's smarting off to her and she's about to belt 
him one.  Real hot stuff!"

"Oh, Ryoko, I did not mean they do not get romantic.   Of course they 
do.  It is just that they are not—-not—-you know what I mean!" 

"What do you mean, Ayeka?" Tenchi asked, curious.

"Why, Lord Tenchi...I...I could not discuss such a thing with you!"  
Ayeka was aghast.  Oh, why did she say what she did?  That Ryoko!  It 
was all her fault.

"The Princess just means that Kiyone and Tris as a hentai book would 
bomb," Ryoko explained guilefully.

"Huh?" Tenchi asked.

"I do not!  Oh, Lord Tenchi...you know I would not say such things."  
Ayeka felt miserable now.

"I know, Ayeka," Tenchi said placatingly.

"Hey, where's my ice cream?  What's holding it up?" Ryoko asked.  She 
glanced at Ayeka and winked.  "Boy, I hope it hasn't all melted.  It 
must be mighty warm in that kitchen right now, huh, Princess?"

Ayeka's face reddened with aggravation.  She rose.  "So, it is ice 
cream you wish, Ryoko?  I shall get you ice cream!"  She stalked to 
the kitchen.

"Remember...chocolate...at least two scoops!" Ryoko called after the 
Princess.

"Ryoko," Tenchi said, exasperated.  "Why you must stir Ayeka up?"

Ryoko regarded him with innocent golden eyes.  "But sweetums, if you 
had gone to get my ice cream like I asked you to..."



In contrast to Chief Bodai's cramped office, the office of Lord 
Kuramitsu, Grand Marshall of the Galaxy Police, was spacious, almost 
jarringly so.  Yet, aside from a small desk and desk module, set on a 
jet-black marble-like platform with the oversized, high-back chair 
Chief Bodai had seen during his earlier one-sided comm call with the 
Grand Marshall, all the open space was basically bare.  A few images 
dotted one wall, one of them a Kuramitsu family portrait that included 
Mihoshi (looking very young and sweet), and two couches squatted in 
the center of the room, facing the elevated desk and chair.  That was 
all.

The four summoned officers stood before the desk of the Grand Marshall 
who was seated behind the desk.  He had not invited them to sit and 
was not likely to.  Never in the sweetest of tempers, Lord Kuramitsu 
was definitely not amused at the moment.  He sat stiffly in his chair, 
staring at a report, ignoring the small group of mid-range Galaxy 
Police staff officers standing ill at ease before him.  Chief Bodai 
recognized the technique with a tiny wry grin.  It was one he used 
himself. 

Chief Bodai had only seen the Grand Marshall up close and personal a 
few times.  Now, once again, he could see the resemblance to Mihoshi, 
in that the Grand Marshall was tall and well proportioned, rather fit 
in fact.  His eyes were blue and his gray hair had obviously once been 
as blonde as his granddaughter's.  However, there the resemblance 
ended.  The Grand Marshall was not the possessor of a cheery 
personality.  Instead, he had permanent worry lines on his forehead 
and equally indelible frown lines at the corners of his thin lips.  He 
boasted a rather full and luxurious moustache and a hint of a goatee 
showed on his chin.  He must have been at a very advanced age, but he 
radiated such tension, power, and vitality that Chief Bodai was 
certain the Grand Marshall could keep up with the youngest and fittest 
GP officer in any physical or mental contest.

It was instantly obvious upon first acquaintance how Lord Kuramitsu 
had achieved his lofty post.  He was a human dynamo who would never 
rest in accomplishing a goal.  The contrast between him and his 
granddaughter was immense.  Yet, Chief Bodai knew, deep within her, 
Mihoshi had the same iron resolution...she would always try, no matter 
how many failures she suffered, and she would never give up.   

For a moment, Chief Bodai recalled an incident involving Mihoshi when 
she was a cadet at the Academy.  In a training exercise, she had 
resolutely refused to destroy a "fugitive" while involved in a 
simulated starship pursuit.  Her "partner" in the simulation had 
been, interestingly enough, Mitsuki.  Mitsuki had raged at Mihoshi to 
destroy the fugitive when the fugitive had "fired" on them.  But 
Mihoshi, who had been Weapon Systems Officer for the simulation, had 
refused, even though Mitsuki's harsh words had caused tears to stream 
down her cheeks.  Instead, taking navigational control from Mitsuki, 
she had adroitly dodged the blasts from the fugitive, until the 
simulation had declared that the fugitive's weapons system was 
exhausted.  Mihoshi had then fired into the fugitive's engines, 
rendering the ship helpless.  The simulation had graded her and 
Mitsuki poorly (Mitsuki's only poor grade at the Academy) for their 
performance...but it did not flunk them, since the culprit had been 
neutralized and captured.  It had taken real resolution for Mihoshi to 
absorb her partner's angry taunts and insults and manage to capture 
their simulated quarry in a way that spared the fugitive's life.  It 
was not the GP way; when fired upon, GP officers were supposed to fire 
back.  But it was Mihoshi's way.  And perhaps, at least in that 
instance, it wasn't a bad way at that.

Now the Grand Marshall looked up from the report.  His blue eyes were 
icy.  His voice, however, was quiet and measured in tone.

"You are all here because in the course of carrying out your duties, 
you stumbled across something you were not supposed to.  I am not 
pleased that you all have opened up the can of worms that you have.  
However, since you did it unknowingly and again, while performing 
your duties, I am not displeased with any of you.  Please understand 
that."

He received tiny nods from the largely cowed and worried group of 
officers facing him.  That the Grand Marshall knew so quickly what 
they had discovered was simply a testament to the fact that Lord
Kuramitsu truly had eyes and ears everywhere at Headquarters.

"In our service, you have nothing to fear if you do your duty," he 
said.  "But you must do your duty, whatever it demands of you.  Now 
your duty demands that you keep what I am about to tell you a secret.  
This is not to be revealed to anyone outside of this office, and you 
are not to discuss it amongst yourselves once you leave this office.  
Is that understood?"

More nods.

"Very well.  I want your words of honor to obey that last command."

Trying to be helpful (and to toady up to the Grand Marshall), Sergeant 
Katzaar said, "Excellency...I can prepare written affidavits for all 
of us to sign to keep the secret.  I can have those prepared in five 
minutes."

It was a fatal blunder.  Although Chief Bodai did not like Sergeant 
Katzaar much, he mourned for him now.  He could see Lieutenant Zay're 
grimace.  Even Sergeant Mitsuki Sakakibara showed a bit of animation, 
looking at Katzaar with deep pity.

The Grand Marshall aimed his frosty blue eyes at Sergeant Katzaar.  
"If I need paperwork, I have a staff," he rapped.  "If I need 
something in writing from you that you will keep your spoken pledge--
if your word of honor is not sufficient—-then you should not be in 
that uniform.  You are dismissed.  From the service."

Sergeant-—now, no longer a sergeant or even a Galaxy Police officer—-
Katzaar gaped at the Grand Marshall, open-mouthed.

The office door slid open.  Captain Tookal appeared in the doorway.

"Will you resign?  Or must we file charges for your dismissal?" the 
captain asked Katzaar mildly.

"I...I..."

"The Grand Marshall can dismiss any officer on the spot, as you know.  
Dismissal paperwork only confirms the decision and leaves you with a 
dodgy record for the future.  Now...will you resign?"

Youri Katzaar looked at the Grand Marshall.  Lord Kuramitsu just 
looked back at him with a stern expression on his face.  Clearly, an 
officer's honor was a most important thing to the Grand Marshall and 
he was willing to make that point quite ruthlessly.  This dismissal 
would reverberate in the ranks and enforce the concept that a GP 
officer's word was his bond and any officer who thought written 
reinforcement of that word was necessary would not be retained.  It 
was an old-fashioned concept, but then, the Grand Marshall was an 
old-fashioned cop.   

"Excellency," Chief Bodai spoke up.  "This officer is in my chain of 
command.  He made a grievous error, I know, but he did not do so 
intentionally.  Staff work tends to make one think in terms of paper 
and records."

Now the Grand Marshall trained his cold blue eyes at Chief Bodai.  
"Bodai...yes, I've heard about you."  He did not indicate whether he 
had heard good things or bad things.  "Are you telling me that you 
defend this officer?"  

"Yes, Excellency, because he only made a thoughtless mistake.  He is a 
good officer.  At any rate, he is my officer and I am responsible for 
his behavior."

The Grand Marshall's bushy gray eyebrows lifted, perhaps a millimeter 
or so.  He was recognizing another old-fashioned cop--one that stood 
behind his people.  He had also noted that Lieutenant Zay're had said 
nothing on behalf of Katzaar, although the Grand Marshall knew that 
Zay're was Katzaar's direct supervisor.  So be it.  He made a mental 
note that Lieutenant Zay're's career was finished at that point.  He 
would not be promoted again, not while Lord Kuramitsu was Grand 
Marshall.  

"Captain Tookal," he said quietly, "I don't believe we will need your 
services after all.  Thank you."

"Very well, Excellency."  Captain Tookal left.  The door slid shut 
after him.

"Now, all of you please give me your word of honor to obey the 
command," the Grand Marshall resumed. 

He got what he requested.  Sergeant Katzaar was so relieved that his 
voice drowned out the others as he gave his oath.

"Very well.  Now, I must tell you about a special case that some of 
your colleagues have been investigating without fanfare and without 
publicity.  In fact, they have been investigating this particular 
case secretly and for a long time.  The case is one that a certain 
junior-grade officer reviewed recently while on her Personal Time, 
and is the same one that some damned hacker accessed just now."

Chief Bodai, Lieutenant Zay're, Sergeant Katzaar, and Sergeant 
Sakakibara just stared at the Grand Marshall with varying degrees of 
disbelief.  A secret investigation?  Conducted over a long period?  
It seemed incredible--that sort of sub rosa activity supposedly ended 
with the old regime.  Besides, the case the Grand Marshall mentioned 
was solved, with the culprit in custody.

"I know what you all must be thinking.  I offer no excuses, but I will 
say that I and the High Commissioner inherited this case.  When we 
did, it had progressed--perhaps I should say degenerated--to such a 
point that making it public would have caused serious damage to the 
service and possibly tipped off the villain whom we are seeking.  
There is more to the Professor Klove case than you know.  Much more.  
I will enlighten you about it.  And then you must refrain from 
accessing the case and also not reveal what I'm about to tell you to 
anyone.  Understood?"

He was answered with silent nods.

"Good.  Well, here is the real situation..."

When the Grand Marshall had finished, his audience appeared even more 
shocked and amazed than before.  Of course, he was expecting such a 
reaction.

"Again, I will not defend what has happened up to now.  The fact is, 
we have a serial murderer on our hands.  The only connecting link is 
the fact that a family member of each of the massacred families once 
attended Professor Klove's ill-fated Lyceum on the planet Jurai.  
Since this Professor Klove is incapacitated for all intents and 
purposes, we have an unknown killer who possesses extraordinary power 
and is likely using the Lyceum's class list for whatever twisted 
reason.  That's the challenge our investigative team faces.  There are 
no further clues or leads.  Nothing."

"Excellency, we are monitoring the surviving former students of this 
Lyceum and their families?" Lieutenant Zay're asked.

Lord Kuramitsu glared at him.  "Of course!"

"Ayeka Jurai is on that list, Excellency," Chief Bodai pointed out.  
"She is on Earth and quite separated from our forces.  Do I take it 
that her friendship with the two GP officers assigned to that sector 
suffices for keeping her under protective monitoring?"

"That, at least, is a sensible question.  No, you may not take it that 
way.  Princess Ayeka Jurai possesses the Juraian royal power, plus two 
well-armed robotic Guardians that monitor her constantly.  She is 
safe.  The other former students are not.  Those are the ones we now 
have a constant watch on."

Chief Bodai nodded.  He noted that the Grand Marshall did not mention 
the fact that Princess Ayeka was rather above the GP's area of 
responsibility, really.  In addition to Princess Ayeka's protean 
power and her programmed bodyguard bots, she also had the Royal 
Yeoman available to defend her person.  But having two GP officers 
living in the same geographical area as Princess Ayeka should count 
for something.  Chief Bodai decided not to press the point, however.

The Grand Marshall continued:

"Now that you know...well, you also now know why this must remain 
close-hold information.  That is why it disturbs me that not only a 
low-ranking GP officer has accessed the Klove case file, but a hacker 
has delved into the very files which are most critical--the records 
of the dozen family massacres I've described to you all.  And that 
hacker did so from Earth, where Princess Ayeka is...visiting."

Like many high-caste Union citizens, Lord Kuramitsu chose to consider 
the Princess's long sojourn on Earth to be merely a visit.  The 
prospect that she would remain forever on that backwater planet and 
renounce her royal responsibilities (as in the case of Lord Yosho) was 
unthinkable to him.

Chief Bodai sensed that Lieutenant Zay're was bursting to tell the 
Grand Marshall about his suspicions concerning the hack on the close-
hold records.  Zay're would likely paint Kiyone as the real suspect, 
with Mihoshi as her unwitting accomplice, to avoid angering Lord 
Kuarmitsu.  Bodai forestalled him, quickly.

"Excellency, I am convinced that Detective Makibi was simply looking 
up an old case, based on something her friend, Princess Ayeka Jurai, 
likely mentioned to her in passing.  We are going to assign her and 
her partner"—-Chief Bodai was careful not to mention the Grand 
Marshall's granddaughter's name—-"to investigate the hacking.  
Personally, I suspect a member of the news media who has perhaps 
garnered a tip.  Earth would be a good place to carry out a hacking 
attempt, since it is not normally within our jurisdiction."

The Grand Marshall regarded him coldly...then nodded.  Chief Bodai 
was not sure then-—and would never be sure—-if the Grand Marshall 
really bought his story.  But he certainly acted as if he did and 
that was all that mattered.

Standing beside Bodai, Lieutenant Zay're sagged inwardly.  He had 
been out-maneuvered by someone who, in the final analysis, could not 
only out-police him but also out-staff him, too.  That second fact 
was a prime humiliation to a born politician like Kamin Zay're.

Zay're had sensed that the Grand Marshall was not pleased with him, 
and tossing him Kiyone—-but not his granddaughter—-as a sacrificial 
lamb had been his last chance to make up for whatever mistake he had 
made.  It was very much like Zay're and his ilk that he was ignorant 
of what had set the Grand Marshall against him.  

Sergeant Katzaar just stood silently.  He would never forgive 
Lieutenant Zay're for not sticking up for him before the Grand 
Marshall...and he would always be grateful to Chief Bodai for 
defending him.  From that point on, Katzaar more or less mentally 
resigned from Zay're's clique.

He would never make high rank now, Katzaar knew...but better to be an 
old Sergeant, with a chance to make Lieutenant and collect his 
pension, than a fired and disgraced toady to an officer who would not 
lift a finger to help him when the chips were down.  Katzaar also 
resolved then and there to request a transfer to field duty.  He had 
changed his outlook--chasing crooks beat the hell out of paper 
pushing!  And he would lay off Kiyone and Mihoshi.  He still despised 
them for what he considered their breach of duty and still felt they 
should be dismissed, but he no longer wanted to be an instrument of 
their career destruction.  When those two failed to turn up a suspect 
in the hacking case, the wheels of justice would grind them down.  And 
that was more than all right with Youri Katzaar.

Sergeant Mitsuki Sakakibara continued to stand quietly and look over 
the Grand Marshall's head.  She had kept silent and diffident 
throughout the meeting.  Oddly enough, that ingratiated her with the 
Grand Marshall, despite the fact that she was instrumental in the 
career downfall of his granddaughter.  Keeping quiet, after all, was 
what she was supposed to do, unless she truly had something to 
contribute.

"I will leave it to you, then, Chief Bodai and to you, Lieutenant 
Zay're.  Once you have something concrete to report on the hacker 
investigation, contact Captain Tookal directly.  Sergeant Katzaar, 
Sergeant Sakakibara...you know to keep silent.  I think that is all."

The Grand Marshall bent over his report again.  Slowly, the group of 
officers turned and walked to the door that had slid open for them.

Just as Chief Bodai reached that door, the Grand Marshall spoke:

"Bodai.  Hold up a moment."

Chief Bodai stopped.  He turned and walked up to the Grand Marshall's 
elevated desk.  The others filed out the door.

"Let's talk," the Grand Marshall said.  Chief Bodai nodded.  The 
Grand Marshall liked that...wasting words galled him.  He pressed a 
touchpad on his desk module.

The doorway now filled with the tall, reed-skinny form of Captain 
Tookal.  He entered the office.  The door slid shut behind him.

"When one of my officers thinks he needs to sign a piece of paper to 
affirm his honorable oath...and when his direct supervisor just stands 
there while his subordinate is being read out of the service...well, 
something is wrong.  Horribly wrong."  The Grand Marshall glared at 
Chief Bodai.  "What is wrong, Bodai?"

Chief Bodai did not hesitate.  "Too much emphasis on staff work, 
Excellency.  Too much career credit placed on being on Headquarters 
staff as opposed to arrests and field accomplishments.  Too easy to 
use a staff position to create a little empire and earn promotion for 
highfalutin programs that don't mean anything to our field officers."

The Grand Marshall looked at Captain Tookal.  "What do you think about 
that?"

"I think he's right, Excellency.  I want a transfer," Captain Tookal 
said mildly.

The Grand Marshall glared at Captain Tookal...then, unexpectedly, he 
roared with laughter.

"That's right!  The only good staff officer is one who wants a 
transfer back to the field!"  Lord Kuramitsu now looked at Chief 
Bodai.  His expression was almost amiable.  "That describes you, 
Bodai.  You're a working stiff type of officer.  I know all about 
you.  You're considered old-line and reactionary by a lot of folks 
around here.  I would please them very much if I sent you back to the 
field and or let you wipe noses at the Academy again.  What should I 
do with you?  Hey?"

"I'd be happy to go back to the field, Excellency.  But if the 
Headquarters doesn't reform, I can't offer my people any incentive to 
stay out in the field and do the job we're supposed to be doing.  So 
I think you should keep me here...and if I make a lot of staff weenies 
upset, well, at least I'm accomplishing that."  Chief Bodai had 
decided to just speak his mind and not quibble or equivocate.

The Lord Marshall laughed again.  "Zounds!  What a fox amongst the 
chickens we have here, Tookal!  Perhaps we do need a little chicken 
coop cleaning, at that.  All right, Bodai, what would you do first if 
I gave you carte blanche as Director of Personnel?"

Director of Personnel!  That was a command staff position--it meant 
promotion to Field Marshall!  Chief Bodai was electrified.  But he 
knew he had to answer the Grand Marshall's question.  He also knew 
that his answer would determine his future in the Galaxy Police.

"Excellency, without undo disruption, I would reassign all 
Headquarters staff who have been here more than two Vestran years to 
field assignments and I would bring in officers from the field who 
have not had staff experience before.  I would do this in a rotation 
that would ensure fifty percent of staff personnel are at least not 
brand spanking new to Headquarters.  I would make a Headquarters 
assignment a controlled duty assignment, one that lasts only for two 
Vestran years.  This would apply to all but command staff.  That will 
demolish all present staff empires and prevent any more from forming.  
That way, we will regularly get fresh blood, new ideas, and field-
trained staffers who know what works out in the field and what 
doesn't."  Chief Bodai stopped.  Well, he had shot his bolt.  Now he 
would see where it landed.

The Grand Marshall turned to Captain Tookal.  "Well, Tookal?  What do 
you think?  Shall we hire this madman to be our personnel chief?"

"Only if I can be his exec," Captain Tookal said.  "Excellency."

The Grand Marshall laughed once more.  He was in a rare good humor, 
it seemed.

"Forget it!  I would never hamper a new field-grade officer with the 
likes of you!"  Captain Tookal actually smiled at the jibe.  Both of 
them had a sense of humor, after all...and both knew damned well what 
had been happening at their Headquarters.  It was quite a revelation 
for Chief Bodai--and a welcome one.

"Very well.  We must hold off until I can unload that political sewage 
that the High Commissioner forced on me," Lord Kuramitsu said.  He was 
referring to the present Director of Personnel, probably the premier 
staff empire-builder of them all.  "But he's played too many favorites 
and I have it all down on the record.  Don't worry, Bodai.  We'll 
announce his retirement before that blasted planet down below 
completes many more orbits around that sorry excuse for a sun.  
Tookal, start a rumor that the present personnel chief is being 
groomed as my successor--which he is, damn it--and that the only 
problem is that he lacks logistics experience, which he does.  That'll 
get him in here demanding a reassignment to logistics, post haste!  
That, in turn, will clear the way for you, Bodai."  The Grand Marshall 
smiled a wintry smile.  "Of course, once he accepts the post in 
logistics that I'll offer him, which will be below his pay grade, 
he'll be subject to involuntary retirement.  You'll see to it, Bodai, 
and never mind any protests from the High Commissioner.  I need a 
personnel chief with guts and we need that sewage gone.  Right?"

"Right, Excellency."  Chief Bodai nodded.

"So...how do you like the way we really do things here?"  Lord 
Kuramitsu looked at Chief Bodai narrowly.

"I could learn to like it, Excellency."

"Good enough!  Now, off with you.  Let Tookal know what your two 
detectives turn up about that hacker.  By the way, once you become 
my personnel chief, your days of mentoring and sponsoring junior 
officers will be over.  Right?"

Again Chief Bodai was caught by surprise.  He knew the Grand Marshall 
was referring to his efforts on behalf of Kiyone and Mihoshi.  Was 
there anything, even at the lowest level of the GP, which the Grand 
Marshall did not know about?  Chief Bodai doubted it.  

"Right, Excellency.  If I do my job properly, such practices won't be 
necessary."

"You already sound like a personnel chief," the Grand Marshall 
growled at him, but not with anything resembling rancor.  "Off with 
you!"



Meanwhile, another revelation was taking place...this time at the 
Masaki manse.

Princess Ayeka, in rather a snit, had walked into the kitchen--or, 
rather, had stormed into it.  She was still upset about being bested 
by Ryoko—-it always rubbed her nerves raw.  Thus, she had almost 
reached the sink where the opened containers of ice cream were stored 
before she took notice of Tristram and Kiyone.  

Tristram was scooping ice cream into a bowl...cherry, so it was Miss 
Washuu's order.  He was whistling some tune, off-key, of course.  
Kiyone stood behind him.  She was staring at him.  Ayeka realized that 
Tristram didn't know Kiyone--or she--was in the kitchen, thanks to his 
rather loud, discordant whistling.  Kiyone seemed similarily unaware 
of Ayeka's presence.    

Ayeka was puzzled by what she saw.  Kiyone was just standing there, 
staring at Tristram, as if she had never seen him before.  It was 
certainly strange behavior, particularly for Kiyone, who was hardly 
the shy type—-not around Tristram, at any rate.  Ayeka studied 
Kiyone's expression for a moment.  It seemed vaguely familiar.  Then 
Ayeka realized what she was witnessing.  Good heavens!

Then Ayeka deliberately cleared her throat, loudly.  Tris stopped 
whistling.  Both he and Kiyone turned to look at her.  

"Hi, Ayeka...Kiyone, hi, didn't hear you come in," Tris said.  He 
began to walk out of the kitchen, carrying the bowl full of ice cream.  
"Can I help you, Ayeka?"

"No, Tristram.  Actually, I need to ask Kiyone...something."

"Well, just don't ask her about her age, her career, her family, her 
school days, her thighs, or her favorite color."  Tris grinned.  "You 
should be safe then."  He then dodged.  But Kiyone hadn't moved at 
him.  She just continued to stare at him.  "You sure you're all right, 
Kiyone?" he asked, nonplussed.

"I'm all right, Tris," Kiyone said softly.

"Uh-huh.  Okay.  Well, I'd better get out there before Washuu starts 
screaming for ice cream.  See you two in the funny papers."  Tris left 
with the bowl heaped with cherry ice cream.

When he was gone, Ayeka said, "Well, Kiyone...when did you finally 
realize you were in love with him?"

Kiyone whirled to face her.  "What?  Ayeka--where do you get these 
notions?"

Ayeka smiled knowingly.  "Kiyone, you forget.  I am a woman in love, 
too.  I can certainly spot it in another woman.  I watched you just 
standing there, staring at Tristram with that expression, acting like 
butter would not melt in your mouth...Kiyone!  I thought we were 
friends." 

Kiyone smiled dolefully.  "We are, Ayeka.  All right...I'll come 
clean.  Yes, I'm in love with that goofball.  I've just never felt 
this way before and I didn't realize what it meant.  Then tonight 
Tris went to get the ice cream and he took Mihoshi and me with him.  
Suddenly...it all just hit me."

Ayeka walked up to Kiyone.  She took her hands gently.  "What hit you, 
Kiyone?"

"Well...it just all became clear.  There I was, surrounded by so much 
love and support, just as I had been the first time I came here, only 
I didn't appreciate it then and left it without a thought.  Suddenly I 
knew I wanted it and needed it, just like anyone else.  I realized I 
don't have to give up one thing to have another thing.  You have to 
work harder to have both, but it's worth it.  Someday, Tenchi will 
marry one of you two girls and this family will scatter.  But it will 
still be a family.  And I can have my own family too...you know?"

"I know, Kiyone," Ayeka said softly.  She released Kiyone's hands.  
"Kiyone, I recall back when we were all caught up in that malfunction 
of Miss Washuu's dreadful Dimensional Tuner machine.  I particularly 
remember when you were trying to escape Mihoshi.  I felt your true 
desire then was to be part of a close and caring group of friends--to 
feel safe enough to open your heart.  Do you recall that?"

"I sure do, Ayeka.  That was a nice interlude--until Mihoshi showed 
up!"

Ayeka laughed.  "Well, what you only fantasized about then has come 
true.  That is all."

"Well...maybe."

"Undoubtedly, I would say."       

Kiyone ruefully shook her head, causing her long dark teal hair to 
swirl around her shoulders.  "But why him...that Earthling!  That 
goofball!  And why now?  When I could end up losing my career if I 
don't concentrate completely on my job?"

"But why not him?  I think I have had deeper reservations than even 
you about Tristram, Kiyone.  But I have come to a realization, too.  
I had almost forgotten that I was attracted to Lord Tenchi, drawn to 
him, and yes, fell in love with him, long before I found out that he 
had royal blood in him.  That Earthling!  That...high-school boy!  
But he made me happy...gloriously happy.  No one had ever made me so 
happy before."

Ayeka smiled tenderly, remembering.  "And as far as the timing is 
concerned...well, back then I was supposed to be completing my 
marriage preparations so that I would be properly wed to a suitable 
Consort and take my place on the throne of Jurai.  The notion that I 
would spend time away from my duties on some insignificant planet, 
romancing a boy who was not even a citizen of the Galactic Union...it 
was impossible.  But the impossible happened.  So do not talk to me 
about unsuitable swains or inconvenient timing, Kiyone!" 

Kiyone now smiled too.  "Okay, you've made your point, Ayeka.  I guess 
I've always wanted my life to be neat and orderly and to do things one 
at a time.  You know, get my career firmly on track, dump that Mihoshi 
somewhere, then marry a guy, probably another GP officer, maybe have 
kids...like that.  First things first."

"Yes, but life is not neat and orderly, Kiyone, and you either take 
the gifts that life offers you when they are offered to you, or you 
spend your life regretting that you did not.  I have learned that, 
too.  I know Lord Tenchi may not choose me.  But if I had not come 
back and made a valiant attempt for him, I know I would have regretted 
it all my days.  Kiyone, tell me...do you want to end up like that 
Inspector Maki woman?"

Kiyone shuddered.  "God, no!"

"Well, then.  The choice is clear, is it not?"

"Yeah...some choice!"

Ayeka shook her head.  "Kiyone, some people do not even have that 
choice.  Believe me, you are fortunate, even if you think you are 
not."

Kiyone sighed.  "I still need to get my career back on track.  I'll 
never give up my career, Ayeka, period.  I think Tris understands 
that.  His mother was an officer in the armed forces here, you know.  
That helps."  Kiyone regarded Ayeka with deep warmth.  "It also helps 
that I have you to talk it over with, Ayeka.  It really does.  I never 
thought that someday I would have a Princess for a friend--never in my 
wildest dreams."

"Well, Kiyone, I never thought I would have a police officer for a 
friend, a very dear friend.  But thank heavens that life is so very 
unpredictable!"

Impulsively, the two women hugged each other.  When they parted, 
Ayeka said, "Dump Mihoshi?  You are no more going to dump her than I 
am going to dump Lord Tenchi.  You and Tristram might as well adopt 
her.  You will never be rid of her, Kiyone."

"Yeah, I know.  I realize that now...damn it!  Adopt her?  I'll tell 
you right now, she's not going to live with me and Tris--she'll live 
in her own place, by God, and..."  Kiyone's eyes widened and she 
covered her mouth with her right hand.  Slowly, she lowered that 
hand.  "Yipes!  What am I talking about?"

"The future, of course," Ayeka told her with a wry smile.

Suddenly the kitchen was invaded, noisily.  Ayeka and Kiyone turned to 
look at the invader.  Ryoko stood there.  

"Hey, you two--where the hell's my ice cream?"

Ayeka and Kiyone both stared uncomprehendingly at the rather 
perturbed space pirate.  Then they burst into laughter.  

As it turned out, Ryoko was obliged to get her own ice cream.  She 
was glad to.  She wanted to get out of that kitchen, fast.  She was 
convinced that the Princess and Kiyone had finally gone off their 
rockers.



Back at Galaxy Police Headquarters, Chief Bodai was deliberating a 
question posed to him by Sergeant Katzaar.  He now announced his 
decision.

"No limit on their investigation time.  They are not suspects, 
despite how it may look to some.  We will not treat them as such.  
Do you understand, Sergeant?"

"Yes, Chief," said Sergeant Katzaar.  He stood before Chief Bodai's 
desk, looking as squat and stolid as ever.  But it was a different 
Katzaar, nonetheless...one that was respectful in his attitude toward 
the Chief, was completely correct in his manner, and seemed neither 
pleased nor upset at the change in orders.

Chief Bodai suspected Sergeant Katzaar would have preferred a short 
suspense for Kiyone and Mihoshi to complete their investigation of 
the hacker, but he had learned to keep such things to himself.  
Thanks to the Grand Marshall, Youri Katzaar would carefully weigh 
each word before he ever spoke to a superior officer again.

"I want you to inform your immediate supervisor, Lieutenant Zay're, 
of my decision.  Understand, Sergeant?"

"Yes, Chief, I do."  And Sergeant Katzaar did.  Chief Bodai was 
purposely undermining Lieutenant Zay're's status.  It was the first 
move in marginalizing the Lieutenant, until he became merely an 
entity filling a position, with no authority or respect.  It seemed 
that Chief Bodai could play staff games, too.  And he was obviously 
determined to get Zay're out of Headquarters.  All of which now did 
not bother Katzaar a bit.

For his part, Chief Bodai was pleased by his decision concerning the 
hacker investigation.  He had bought Kiyone and Mihoshi some more 
time.  That time might provide a solution to their dilemma.  At least, 
it would postpone their career execution.  His decision would likely 
be questioned by some higher-ups, who would take the tack that Kiyone 
and Mihoshi were themselves prime suspects, but Chief Bodai knew now 
that he soon would be a "higher-up" himself.  So let them question 
him!  He would remind them that GP officers were entitled to a 
presumption of innocence as much as any citizen of the Union.  Let 
them chew on that. 

That reminded him.  Mitsuki.  He would have to deal with her swiftly, 
or not at all.  Once he was promoted to a field grade position, he 
would be unable to pursue the re-investigation of the Slaakive mis-
identification case.  Perhaps Katzaar could help him with that.

"Sergeant Katzaar, I am going to ask you a question and I want a frank 
answer.  Don't be afraid to answer honestly.  It will not reflect on 
you."

"Yes, Chief."  

"You know, of course, about the episode involving  the arrest of a 
vagrant that resembled that fugitive kidnapper, Slaakive.  It ended 
up with Kiyone Makibi and Mihoshi Kuramitsu both stripped of their 
Sergeant's rank."

"Yes, Chief.  I worked very briefly with Kiyone here at Headquarters.  
I was in logistics then."

"Yes.  In fact, you took her position when she was reduced in rank."

"That's corrrect, Chief."

"So I can assume you aren't exactly a partisan for her cause?" Chief 
Bodai asked.

Sergeant Katzaar obviously didn't like the question, but he answered 
it.  "No, Chief.  I'm no supporter of hers."

"Good.  Then please think carefully and give me your frank opinion on 
this next question.  If Kiyone was truthful in what she said at her 
hearing, someone must have produced a foolscap copy of a faked fully 
articulated ID-comparo report on that transient and the real Slaakive, 
one that said the two were identical.  Kiyone testified she asked 
Mitsuki to generate that report.  Which would mean that Mitsuki faked 
the report, again assuming that Kiyone is telling the truth.  Now, 
Sergeant...knowing Mitsuki as well as you do...is she capable of such 
an act, do you think?"

The question rather stunned Sergeant Katzaar.  Truly, he had not even 
entertained the notion that Mitsuki could have been lying.  Mitsuki 
had been his ally, while Kiyone had been a pushy, brusque, unwanted 
newcomer to Headquarters.  He had, of course, assumed that Kiyone had 
taken a chance that the preliminary comparo-ID was right on the money 
and grabbed her buddy, Mihoshi, to make a vainglorious arrest of a 
high-profile fugitive--and then had lied when it all had come a 
cropper.  But now that he had worked closely with Mitsuki and seen 
Mitsuki's own overweening ambition...

Sergeant Katzaar nodded.  "I have to admit, Chief...that, yes, I now 
think Mitsuki is capable of having faked that report.  I do know she 
was horribly humiliated at being reprimanded and re-assigned as 
Kiyone's assistant after the Kagato rebellion."

"I can understand that," Chief Bodai said.

Katzaar now decided to make a clean breast of it.  He owed the Chief 
that much.  "In fact, a lot of us were upset at Kiyone's promotion, 
Chief.  She had defied orders, was involved in attacking GP ships and 
officers only doing their duty, and seemed to have only stumbled into 
the right side of that conflict by accident.  And she rubbed a lot of 
us the wrong way when she came to Headquarters.  Frankly, since her 
partner is the granddaughter of the Grand Marshall, we suspected his 
influence had more to do with her promotion than any merit on her 
part."      

"I see.  Now that you've met the Grand Marshall...do you entertain 
those suspicions still?"

"No, Chief," said Sergeant Katzaar ruefully.  "He's the last one who 
would act like that.  I know that now."

Chief Bodai nodded.  "Certainly, Kiyone could have handled herself 
better while she was here and I think Mitsuki was treated unfairly 
overall.  And making her Kiyone's assistant--well, that was just 
asking for trouble."  Those actions had been taken before Chief Bodai 
was assigned to Headquarters.  "But none of that would justify a 
scheme to get Kiyone busted down in rank.  Do you agree?"

"Yes, Chief."

"All right, then.  I'm not asking you to spy on Mitsuki.  But I would 
like you to keep an eye open for anything that may help bring new 
light to that Slaakive mis-identification case...either for or against 
her.  Understood?"

"Understood, Chief."

Chief Bodai smiled.  "Thank you, Youri."  It was the first time that 
Chief Bodai had called Sergeant Katzaar by his first name.  The latter 
seemed touched by the familiarity.

"Chief, you went to bat for me, and I..."

"I did what a supervisor is supposed to do, Youri.  If you feel 
gratitude about it, then do likewise when you face a similar situation 
with your own subordinates.  All right?"

Now Sergeant Katzaar smiled, and for once it didn't look a bit forced 
or unnatural.  "All right, Chief."



"Well, Kiyone, now that you are certain...what do you intend to do 
about it?"

Princess Ayeka put the question to Kiyone as the two finished washing 
and drying the dinner and dessert dishes in the kitchen.  Both had 
volunteered to do the dishes, an offer that Sasami had accepted with 
gratitude.  She, Tenchi, Tris, and Mihoshi were now watching 
television in the living room.  Ryoko had announced a desire to take a 
short walk outdoors, with a wink at Tenchi, which Tenchi had ignored, 
but she had gone outside, anyway.  Lord Yosho, Nobuyuki, and Washuu had 
gone upstairs to Nobuyuki's home office to discuss a sub-contractor 
opportunity for his new firm that he wanted their feedback on before 
he discussed it with his partners.  Ryo-Ohki, having been fed some 
nice crisp carrots, drowsed in a corner of the kitchen, mulling over 
whether she would sleep that night in Tenchi and Tris's bedroom or in 
the women's bedroom.

"Do about what?"

"Kiyone!" Ayeka exclaimed with fond exasperation.

Kiyone smiled.  "Oh, all right, Ayeka.  The fact is...I'm going to do 
nothing about it."  She opened a kitchen cabinet and began placing 
freshly washed and dried cups in it.

"What?"  Ayeka was dumfounded.  "But, after you said..."

"I know what I said, Ayeka.  But I'm not going to do anything.  What 
can I do?"

"You could...well..." Ayeka considered.  "I suppose you might...tell 
him?"

Kiyone shook her head.  "No, Ayeka.  I won't do that.  I'm not brave 
like you and Ryoko.  I'm too scared to take that gamble--and then have 
Tris say that he likes me a lot but he doesn't love me."   

"But, Kiyone--he may say he does love you."

"Sure!  But who knows what he'll say, the big stiff!  He's so damned 
honest, he'll just blurt it out, the idiot.  He's like that, Ayeka, 
you know that."  Kiyone turned away from Ayeka as she closed the 
cabinet door and collected more dessert bowls to plunk into the 
sink's soapy water.  "If he told me he doesn't love me..." her voice 
trailed off.

"Oh, dear."  Ayeka understood now.  She herself had gambled that Lord 
Tenchi would reciprocate her love when she had made her feelings quite 
clear to him.  As it turned out, Ayeka's gamble had not paid off...not 
yet, anyway.  Kiyone was a strong, proud woman and she did not want to 
risk the crushing defeat of rejection--even a mild rejection, spoken 
kindly by a typically well-meaning but clueless male.

"So you understand."

"I understand.  But Kiyone, men are rather afraid themselves to say 
they are in love.  It is due to some awful primitive instinct that 
urges them to run away from commitment.  It is terrible!  All of 
these centuries have passed and we have not beat it out of their 
stupid heads yet."  Ayeka grimaced as she thought of how a few women 
of her acquaintence had actually been left--yes, even at the altar--
by men who had gotten an urge to flee matrimony.  Some of those men 
were still fleeing.  It was no small matter to break a matrimonial 
contract.  The would-be bride's parents often felt they had the right 
to track down the departed swain.  That formidable bounty hunter, 
Nagi, had made a small fortune out of finding and bringing back 
fugitive bridegrooms.  And still they ran away!  Ayeka herself had 
made it very clear to her father, the King, that Lord Tenchi had made 
no formal pact of marriage with her...otherwise, if Lord Tenchi chose 
Ryoko, he might end up facing Nagi.

"You're telling me, Ayeka?  I'm a cop, remember?  You know how many 
runaway groom reports we get in?  Mihoshi and I used to laugh at 
them..."  Kiyone wasn't laughing now.  She plunged her hands into the 
soapy water of the sink and began scrubbing bowls with, perhaps, a 
bit more vigor than was called for.

"That is my point, exactly.  Tristram may well wish to tell you that 
he is in love with you.  But that stupid male instinct may be holding 
him back.  It is up to us sometimes, Kiyone, to get such things 
settled.  Otherwise, many couples would not be married now!"

"Who's talking about marriage, anyway?"  Kiyone irritably handed a 
washed and rinsed dish to Ayeka for drying.  But Kiyone was too 
impatient and the slippery dish dropped from her wet fingers before 
Ayeka could grasp it.  It fell to the floor and shattered.  In the 
corner, Ryo-Ohki hopped with alarm.  "Meow-er?"

"Hey...you all right in there?"  It was Tenchi's voice from the 
living room.

"We are fine, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said loudly.  "Just a small mishap."

"Hey, tell that cop in there that she shouldn't juggle more than five 
bowls at a time," Tris's voice called out.  Kiyone and Ayeka heard 
laughter now issue from the living room.

"That big stiff!  Wait until I get my hands on him!" Kiyone grated.  
She attacked the dishes in the sink with renewed ferocity.

"Yes," Ayeka murmured as she bent down and collected the pieces of 
the shattered bowl.  "No doubt you will kiss him until he begs for 
mercy."  She smiled and carried the dish shards to the dustbin.

"I'll strangle him!  I'll punch his gizzard out!" Kiyone vowed.

"You know, I never really understood the concept of "love taps" until 
I watched you jab poor Tristram."  Still smiling, Ayeka dropped the 
dish pieces into the dustbin.  She walked back to the sink.

"Ayeka!"

"Well?  If you care for a man enough to turn him black and blue, 
perhaps you should not wait around until he screws up the courage to 
tell you he loves you.  You may wait a long time, Kiyone.  You may 
wait forever."   

"Yeah, but..."

"Hey, want me to tell him?"

The voice asking that question seemed to have issued from thin air.  
Both Kiyone and Ayeka looked around the kitchen.  They both saw that 
the ceiling appeared to have grown a head...a head with spiky 
platinum hair, golden eyes, and a wide grin.  They groaned with 
comprehension.  "Ryoko!"

"You called?"  Ryoko now fully passed through the ceiling, righted 
herself, and floated down to the floor.

Ryo-Ohki was pleased to see her mistress.  "Meow-er!"  She trotted 
up to Ryoko and began to rub against her ankles with loving devotion.

Kiyone and Ayeka seemed distinctly less pleased.  "Spying!" Ayeka 
exclaimed.  "You...you spy!  Ryoko!"

"That's me."  Ryoko grinned, unconcerned with their displeasure.  
"Just call me Secret Agent Double O-Sexy."

"With a license to snoop, I presume?" Ayeka asked acidly.

"Whatever it takes, Princess--when it comes to getting some "gold" 
on my "finger"!"  Ryoko laughed.  "Tris told me that one!"

"It figures," Kiyone muttered.

"Well, it is not a bit funny, Ryoko.  When will you learn to respect 
other people's privacy?" Ayeka demanded.

"Privacy?  In this house?"  Ryoko grinned and shook her platinum-
haired head.  She bent down and stroked Ryo-Ohki.  "Aren't these 
girls silly, Ryo-Ohki?"

"Who's silly?" Kiyone snapped.

"You are!  Mooning around Tris so that even Ryo-Ohki here can tell 
you've gone off the deep end over him.  You're lucky he's as dense as 
a dark star--otherwise, he'd be skedaddling back to that college right 
now!"  Ryoko rose and proceeded to do a fair imitation of Tris's 
voice:  "'Uh, say, Tenchi, old buddy, old pal, I forget to turn off 
the shower back at the old dorm room.  Bet the tub's real full now.  
Better go shut it off.'"  She smiled sassily at Kiyone.

"Maybe I ought to shut you off," Kiyone told her.

"Ryo-Ohki—-please protect me!"  Ryoko snatched up the cabbit and 
pressed her against her ample bosom.  "The mean cop's gonna hurt your 
mistress!  Oh, save me!"

"Meow-er?"

"Can the comedy, Ryoko," Kiyone said gratingly.  "You don't know if 
Tris would skedaddle-—I mean, run off—-or not.  Besides, it's none of 
your business."

"Oh, but it is."  Ryoko placed Ryo-Ohki back in the kitchen floor.  
The cabbit decided to check out things in the living room, and trotted 
off.  "I've just appointed myself the Love Monitor around here.  I was 
going to fine the Princess two weeks of taking out the garbage for 
making cow eyes at Tenchi during dinner.  But now I see I'll have to 
settle your case first."  

"Love Monitor!" Ayeka exclaimed.  "The Love Meddler, you mean!  And I 
was not making cow eyes at Lord Tenchi!"

"Hah!  Keep telling whoppers like that, Princess, and I'll have to 
fine you two weeks more.  Cow eyes it was!  Moo, Moo, see how I love 
you, Tenchi?"  Ryoko laughed.  "But you'll have to wait, Princess.  
This isn't the old maid docket.  We're on the Case of the Dateless 
Detective now."

Ayeka's face purpled.  But she collected herself.  She was resolved 
not to let Ryoko prod her into another embarrassing outburst.  

"Dateless!  Like fun!" Kiyone snapped.  "That sounds more like you, 
Ryoko."

"That actually sounds more like two weeks of scrubbing the toilet for 
contempt of court," Ryoko told her.  "But the Love Monitor will be 
lenient.  One week!  And before you spout off again, even Mihoshi has 
said she's had as many dates with old One Dimple as you have--and 
you told her they weren't dates, anyway, remember?  So...the Dateless 
Detective!"  Ryoko smiled, obviously pleased with herself.  "And now 
the Dateless Detective is the Clueless Cop."  Ryoko clasped her hands 
together and assumed an expression of exaggerated yearning.  "'Oh, I 
love the goofball, but I won't tell him so...he might not melt into a 
puddle at my feet.  I shall become an old maid like my idol, Princess 
Spinster.'"  Ryoko shook her head.  "That's the way to fix things, 
Kiyone.  Not!"

"Princess Spinster!"  Ayeka rapidly lost her resolve to avoid a verbal 
confrontation.  "How dare you!  I was negotiating a marriage contract 
with Prince Seiryou before I even met Lord Tenchi.  He could not wait 
to wed me!  Now suppose you inform us about your past matrimonial 
prospects, Ryoko."  

"Hey, we're not talking about your busted engagements, Princess," 
Ryoko retorted.  She didn't have a good answer to that question, 
anyway.  The last guy who had showed interest in marrying Ryoko was 
now serving twenty-to-life on a prison planetoid.  "You're just 
waiting around until Tenchi chooses me and then you can go find some 
noble wet-smack who wants your money in his pockets.  The court is 
considering Kiyone's case.  The court has generously offered to tell 
that goofball in the living room about Kiyone's burning passion for 
him.  The court is waiting for an answer."

"If you tell him, Ryoko--you're dead!" Kiyone all but shouted.

"Is that any way to speak to the Love Monitor?"  Ryoko grinned.

Kiyone just glared at her.

"Princess, tell this cop that I'm talking sense.  Even you know I am."

"You may be talking sense, Ryoko," Ayeka said.  "But to mix in your 
insults and aspersions—-"

"The court is entitled to a little fun, Princess.  The court likes 
this cop and even likes that goofball in there.  The court would 
really like to help a certain clueless couple."  Ryoko smiled with 
genuine warmth at Kiyone.  "Com'on Kiyone, lighten up.  And wise up.  
In about a week or so, Tris goes back to college with Tenchi.  A 
college full of co-eds.  You want to let him go back there without 
telling him how you feel?  I wouldn't!  Not on your life!"

"I'm not you, Ryoko."

"Worse luck!  If you were, you'd have him all packaged up, nice and 
pretty."  Ryoko's voice lost some of its banter.  "And maybe even I'd 
envy you, girl, for being able to have your guy and hold him, too."

Kiyone expression slowly relaxed.  She managed to post a tiny smile.

"Well, perhaps I wish I were more like you, Ryoko...a little.  But I'm 
not.  Old One Dimple will have to tell me first how he feels.  Maybe I 
can kind of hint to him where things stand.  But that's all.  That's 
just how I'm made, Ryoko."

Ryoko shook her head.  "The court is not pleased, but the court 
understands—-sort of.  The court will remain silent on this case.  
Now..."  Ryoko smiled saucily at Ayeka.  "We have the Case of the Cow 
Eyes to finish."

"I shall finish you," Ayeka promised angrily, "if you do not drop this 
ridiculous charade right here and now!"

"Like you could!  But okay, court's adjourned--for now."  Ryoko turned 
to leave.  "You girls go ahead and finish the dishes.  Guess I'll go 
see what they're watching on TV.  Maybe I can get them to watch a 
little wrestling."

"Ryoko!  You will not!" Ayeka cried.

"Why not?  It's a great sport.  I'm going to teach Tenchi a few 
wrestling holds myself.  I can see us now...just him and me on the 
mat.  I'll teach him some nice holds, all right.  Might even let him 
pin me.  Be sure you get those dishes dry now, Princess.  And don't 
drop any more dishes, Kiyone--we're on a budget, you know."

Ryoko left the kitchen with a smile.

"Kiyone...would you mind finishing up in here?" Ayeka asked grimly.  
"I believe I would like to watch a little television myself."

"I don't mind, Ayeka," Kiyone replied. smiling.  "You go right ahead."



"It's a good thing I've finally landed this contract," Nobuyuki told 
Lord Yosho and Washuu in his home office/bedroom upstairs.  "If 
they're going to break dishes like that!"  He smiled.  They had all 
heard the dish shatter in the kitchen.

Lord Yosho chuckled.  He and Washuu had been studying the contract's 
terms on the screen of Nobuyuki's Apple.  All three of them were 
sitting on chairs facing the computer screen.  

"Dropping dishes...that's sure not like the Princess or Kiyone," 
Washuu commented with a grin.  "Must be a disturbance in there--a 
disturbance spelled R-y-o-k-o!"

"Washuu, you're a most discerning young woman," Nobuyuki told her.

"You sweet-talking man."  Washuu slipped her hand over his.

Lord Yosho smiled, amused.  He said, "I think, and of course I am no 
businessman, that this contract offers a fair proposal.  There does 
not seem to be a very heavy layer of processing between acceptance 
and payment.  That is good, at any rate."

"You bet it is, father-in-law.  We can't spend time drafting all the 
designs and working out all the specs and then wait months for 
payment.  I just don't like the fact that we will be under the thumb 
of a bigger architectural firm."

"At least it's not your old firm," Washuu pointed out.  "And you won't 
be performance-judged on what they do.  Your work will be evaluated 
separately."

"That's true," Nobuyuki admitted.

"And you can't blame the developers," Washuu continued.  "You're an 
unknown quantity to them—-they'll take a chance on you because you'll 
work cheap, but they still want the security of an established firm 
over the whole project.  You'll just have to prove you work cheap and 
good and later you won't have to have a bigger firm as a nanny."

"That is it exactly, Professor Washuu," Lord Yosho agreed.  "These are 
early days for your new company, son-in-law.  I would not be afraid to 
be wedded to another firm just now...just as long as you will be 
judged by your own efforts."

"That's right!"  Washuu smiled coyly at Nobuyuki.  "Grandpa is right.  
You shouldn't be afraid to be wedded."  She winked.  "You might like 
it."

Nobuyuki laughed.  Lord Yosho uttered a small chuckle.  Washuu was 
able to switch from practical business discussion to amorous joking 
in a twinkling.  It was just a tiny indication of how razor sharp she 
was.

"And you're making money—-good money—-even at your low bid," Washuu 
added.

"Indeed?" Lord Yosho asked.

"Yes, father-in-law.  Washuu and I worked out the costs and the office 
expenses and we threw in a decent profit, too.  By working with a 
small margin, we'll able to make money on these low-end projects."

"That is excellent," Lord Yosho commented appreciatively.

"That's right, Grandpa," Washuu said.  "Nobie here hit it perfectly.  
Slow economy, lots of renovation and repair instead of new building--
so, small contracts, but with low overhead—-presto, decent profits.  
That's what I call making an opportunity where others see no 
opportunity at all.  That's what I call being a winner!"  Washuu 
squeezed Nobuyuki's hand.

"Absolutely," Lord Yosho agreed.  "And this contract...I should say, 
perhaps, opportunity...is a start.  It's more than you had a short 
time ago, son-in-law.  And you made it for yourself.  You won a 
victory in an arena I would not even presume to enter."

Nobuyuki smiled at his father-in-law.  "Thanks.  But it was done with 
everyone's help and support--especially a certain pretty woman who 
happens to be a real genius."

"Awww..."  Washuu rested her head against Nobuyuki's arm.  "You say 
the sweetest thing, Nobie."

Lord Yosho saw it was time for him to leave.  "Well, I believe I 
shall retire to bed early this evening.  Old bones need lots of rest, 
you know."  He stood.  "It's a fair contract, son-in-law, I believe.  
You will give them their money's worth, I know."

"That I will.  Thanks again, father-in-law.  Good-night." 

"'Night, Grandpa," Washuu said cheerily.

"Good night to you both," Lord Yosho said.  He walked to the door, 
slid it open, and departed.

As he walked down the hallway, Lord Yosho thought he heard some sort 
of commotion from downstairs.  He shrugged, unconcerned.  That was 
one thing he was certainly used to. 



When Kiyone finally finished the dishes, she hung the towel over the 
sink to dry and wandered into the living room.  She was resolved to 
get Tris outside, where hopefully the moon and her own stratagems 
might begin laying the groundwork for...well, for helping the idiot to 
get a clue and start thinking about three little words.

In the living room, she saw that Tenchi was standing before the 
television set, as were Ryoko and Ayeka.  Ryoko held the remote 
control above her head, grinning.

"What democracy?" she was saying.  "I'm the absolute rule of TV Land.  
I have the remote!"

"Hey," said Tris from one of the couches.  "Let's watch that channel, 
Ryoko.  They show "Green Acres" sometimes.  It kinda reminds me of 
this place."  He was sitting with Mihoshi and Sasami, neither of whom 
looked pleased.  He nudged Sasami.  "You know, on that show they had 
a pig who hogged the TV."

"Really?"  Sasami smiled.  Mihoshi laughed.

"A pig!  Did he grab the remote, too?" she asked.

"What?  Who's a pig?" Ryoko demanded, having heard only part of their 
conversation.

"If the oink fits, say it," Ayeka suggested.

"Listen, Princess..." Ryoko began.  She wasn't watching Tenchi now.  
He leaped and grabbed the remote control.

"Coup the grass!" Tris proclaimed.

"Huh?" asked Mihoshi.

"Something about grass," Sasami guessed.

"You have been de-throned, I see," Ayeka told Ryoko.  "Pretenders 
usually are, sooner or later."

"I was robbed!"  Ryoko smiled at Tenchi.  "But my sweetums can have 
anything from me he wants...just anything."

"Okay, then," Tenchi said.  "Sit down."

"But, sweetums..."

Tenchi gave her that very special look he reserved just for her.  
Ryoko quickly sat down on the couch opposite the one Tris, Sasami, 
and Mihoshi occupied.  Ayeka sat down, too.

Kiyone smiled as she stood and watched her friends.  Tenchi noticed 
her.  He smiled back at her.

"Since Kiyone just finished the dishes, she should pick what we 
watch," he declared.

"That is right," Ayeka agreed virtuously.

"Stop trying to brown-nose Tenchi, Princess," Ryoko said, disgruntled.  
"All Kiyone wants to watch are cop shows--the boring ones. Where the 
cops just sit around and yak."

"Wrestling would be better, I suppose?" Ayeka asked with heavy 
sarcasm.

"Sure would, Princess.  Lots of action and a lot less yakking...which 
is a good idea for this household, too."

Before Ryoko and Ayeka could get embroiled again, Tenchi asked, 
"Kiyone, what would you like to watch?  A movie?  A show?"

"Well..."  Kiyone grinned.  "Actually, a certain idiot boy promised to 
take me for a walk after dinner.  I'm going to hold him to that 
promise."

"Huh?" Tris said.  He didn't recall that.

"Idiot boy?  She means you, Tris," Mihoshi said helpfully.

"Thanks a heap, Mihoshi!"

"You're welcome a heap, Tris."  Mihoshi smiled, always glad to help.  
"What's so funny, Sasami?"

"Oh, nothing," Sasami replied, quickly stifling a giggle.

"Get up, you," Kiyone ordered Tris.  "And take me for that walk!"

Tris rose.  "How could I resist such a nice request?"  He walked over 
to Kiyone.  "You lead the way.  If you don't hear me behind you, don't 
worry.  I'll be walking real quiet.  You just keep going."

Kiyone grabbed his arm.  "March!"  She dragged him to the front door 
and slid it open.  They both disappeared outside, the door sliding 
shut behind them.

"How romantic," Ryoko cracked.  

"Kiyone sure wants to take a walk," Sasami said, puzzled.  "I wonder 
why that is?"

"Maybe she just doesn't want to watch TV," Mihoshi reasoned.

Ryoko rolled her eyes to the ceiling.  "Jeeze, but you two have a lot 
to learn!"

"Well, you are not going to teach them," Ayeka said.  "And now that 
Kiyone has left, I believe Lord Tenchi should pick another person to 
decide what we will watch."

Ryoko grinned.  "Me, Tenchi, pick me!  Pick your love toy!  She'll 
make you glad you did!"

"I am going to be ill," Ayeka said.  "I just know that I am."

"Forget it, Ryoko," Tenchi said.  "Sasami's the one to pick the 
program."

"Me?  Really?"  Sasami was excited.  "That's cool!"

"Yay!" said Mihoshi, happy for her young friend.  "What do you want to 
watch, Sasami?"

"Well...I guess it's too late in the evening for our pretty magical 
soldier show to be on, Mihoshi," Sasami deliberated.  

"Thank heavens," Ayeka murmured.

"That's kid stuff," Ryoko snorted.  "Like that "Doraemon" show...blue 
robot cats!  Puh-leeze!"

"But "Doraemon" is cute," Mihoshi protested.

"It's Sasami's choice," Tenchi said firmly.

"Well...I'd kind of like to watch "Happy Family Plan"," Sasami said.  
"It's nice to watch a family work hard together and maybe win three 
million yen.  I wish that our family could be on that show."

"We could use that three million yen, all right," Mihoshi agreed. 

"Of course, you must use that money to order items from the "Happy 
Family Plan" catalogue," Ayeka commented.  "I do think those 
catalogue prices are a bit inflated."

"Family shows," Ryoko muttered disgustedly.

"Somehow I don't think our family is quite ready for prime time, 
Sasami," Tenchi told her with a grin.  "That show's on TBS, so let's 
check."  He manipulated the remote control.  The television screen 
blinked into light and slowly settled on a scene of a family talking 
excitedly to an announcer who kept popping jokes and looking at the 
camera in true Japanese mass-media style.

"It's on!"  Sasami was pleased.  "But what's the challenge this 
time?"

Tenchi punched up the sound from the remote control.  They all 
listened to the announcer.

"What?  Just sip a bunch of different teas and say what kind they are 
in three minutes?  That's lame!  Isn't the father going to fall off a 
cliff or anything?"  Ryoko was miffed.

"We'll save that for you when we get on the show," Ayeka told her.

"Yuk, yuk, Princess.  Well, I know where's there's something better 
to watch."  Ryoko smiled slyly.  She started to rise from the couch.

"No, you will not!" Ayeka cried.  "Lord Tenchi—-stop her!"

Tenchi walked to the couch where the two women sat.  "Where are you 
going, Ryoko?"

"Just around...just want to get some fresh air," Ryoko said, not 
meeting Tenchi's eyes.

"She does not!  She wants to go spy on..."  Ayeka glanced at Sasami 
and Mihoshi, who were witnessing this exchange with great interest.  
"You know what I mean, Lord Tenchi."

Tenchi nodded.  "Ryoko, sit down."

"I don't wanna."

"Ryoko...!"

"Okay.  But you gotta hold my hand, then, Tenchi, or I might fly 
away."

Tenchi deposited the remote control on the sofa table.  He sat down on 
the couch between Ryoko and Ayeka.  He sighed inwardly.  He took 
Ryoko's hand...and he also took Ayeka's hand.

"Hey, no fair, sweetums.  Just hold my hand."

"But I may fly away too, Ryoko," Ayeka said, laughing.

"You promise?" Ryoko muttered.

"Watch the show," Tenchi ordered.

They all did.  As it turned out, the father of the family featured 
that week in "Happy Family Plan" flubbed his challenge.  No three 
million yen for the Hakudai family.  But there was peace for a little 
while for the Masaki family...especially when Ryoko gave in and 
nestled against her Tenchi.  He held her hand all the while.  Now 
that was Ryoko's idea of a happy family plan.



Outside, Kiyone was still holding on to Tris's right arm and pulling 
him along.  They had crossed the front lawn and were approaching the 
gate.  There Azaka II and Kamidake II stood, stolid and solid, their 
sensing mechanisms always on and always directed toward the person of 
Princess Ayeka.  Both Guardians blinked at Kiyone and Tris.  It was a 
happy blink.  They knew that it would no longer be dull with those 
two around.

"Help," Tris said to the two big wooden cylinders.  "Save me.  Save 
me from this nice walk."

"Beg pardon, Tristram Coffin, sir?" Azaka II queried.

"You do not appear to be in any difficulty, sir," Kamidake II noted.  
"Besides, we only protect the person of Princess Ayeka Jurai, unless 
she commands us otherwise.  That is our programming.  We offer our 
apologies."

"Great!  Even the lawn ornaments have a union," Tris muttered.

Kiyone released his arm.  "Well, if you want to go back in, buster--
go!"

Tris rubbed his arm.  "What are you so mad about?  You grabbed me, 
remember?  I don't need an excuse to be alone with you, Kiyone."

"No?"

"No."  Tris really did not understand Kiyone's sudden mood swing.  "I 
wanted to get you alone myself, but I though you'd prefer to do it a 
little later.  You know, watch a little TV with the gang and then kind 
of...slip out, quietly."

Kiyone looked at Tris.  The moon had risen over the horizon and it 
was darkish, yet it was still somewhat early evening.  It really was 
a bit early for them to go out walking, as per their usual custom.  
She knew she had been a little...abrupt.  It was just that Ryoko had 
been right.  Tris would be around only a short time longer.

"Well, I just felt like a walk.  That's all.  It doesn't matter what 
time we do it--we don't have to be so darned discrete, do we?  
Everyone knows we're a couple, don't you think?"

"No and yes," Tris answered.  He slipped an arm around Kiyone.  She 
leaned against him, her head resting on his shoulder.  "The question 
is...a couple of what?"

Kiyone laughed despite herself.  "You!"  She slipped her arms around 
his neck.  "Didn't your Dad ever tell you what you're supposed to do 
when you have a woman and a moon and the place all to yourself?"

Sure, Tris thought.  Run like hell!  He grinned.  

"Listen, my Dad was still trying to figure out how he ended up 
married with a family and a mortgage when we had that kind of talk.  
In fact, he never could figure out..."  Tris stopped as Kiyone 
suddenly tightened her arms around his neck and pulled him down to 
her.  She had decided to talk to him in another way.  They kissed, 
and then kissed again.

"It is about time he kissed her," Azaka II opined.  "He does not seem 
to understand the protocol for such things."

"It appears that she kissed him," Kamidake II noted.  "This never 
happens when the Princess and Lord Tenchi converse alone, even during 
the nightfall.  Perhaps there really is no set protocol for this."

"Wow..." Tris murmured, as he and Kiyone came up for air.  That had 
been some kiss.  Kiyone had been particularly soft and warm against 
him and she had kissed him with a head-spinning emphasis.  Again, she 
and he had French kissed as well, something they had to ration since 
it so intoxicated them both. 

"That's just the warm-up, darling," Kiyone whispered to him.  "Let's 
go find some place where we can...relax."

"Ummm...sure," Tris was eager to comply, but, "I'm not sure where.  I 
mean, the grass is a little damp and the bugs..."

"There's the back seat of your car."

"Kiyone!  The back seat?"  Tris was galvanized.  "You know what that 
means--the back seat?"

"It means we don't sit on the grass, goofy."  Kiyone chuckled softly 
and kissed his big, stupid nose.  He was so clueless, the darling.  
She was going to have her work cut out for her, all right.  

"Oh."  Tris had to remind himself that Kiyone was not from Earth.  The 
back seat of a car held no significance for her, except as a place to 
sit.  Down boy, he told himself.  Don't get your hopes up.

"Of course, if we had our own place to go to, we wouldn't have to go 
around sitting in cars," Kiyone pointed out.  She had decided to get 
the campaign rolling.  She kissed his cheeks, little butterfly kisses.  
"Know what I mean?"

"Well..."  Tris seemed uncertain.  

"Don't you want it to be like this...well, forever, goofy?"  Kiyone 
took another approach.

"We might get kind of hungry after a while," Tris said.  "But if we 
can get this catered, I think you have something there, Blue Eyes."  
Now he kissed Kiyone and they wrapped around each other.

As they kissed again, dreamily, Kiyone was almost intoxicated with 
love and relief.  This was going to be easier than she thought.  
No doubt after a few more sessions like this, he'd finally—-

Something buzzed, loudly, insistently, on her left wrist.  It was her 
GP alert bracelet.  She wore the gold ID bracelet given to her by 
Tris on her right wrist.  It didn't buzz, of course.

"Damn it!"  Kiyone broke from Tris.  "We have a call!  I have to go!  
Where's Mihoshi?"

"Back at the house," Tris said, a bit rattled by the sudden change in 
the evening's agenda.

"Well, go get her, clown!  Tell her I'll be at the big clearing by 
the lake.  Make her come right now, Tris!  I'm counting on you."

Kiyone scampered to the large open lawn area near the lake to use her 
earring to summon the Yogami.  Tris, in turn, sprinted back toward 
the house.

The two Guardians watched the break-up with some enlightenment.

"Perhaps this is more like the Princess and Lord Tenchi's situation, 
after all," Kamidake II commented.  "They get together, but nothing 
is accomplished."

"Yes, that does seem to be the pattern around here," Azaka II agreed.  



Tris reached the house in record time.  He pounded in, not even 
bothering to take off his shoes.  He burst into the living room.  He 
found Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka on one couch and Mihoshi and Sasami on 
the other couch still watching TV.  They all stared at him.

"Mihoshi!" he panted.  "You have a call!  You know!  From the GP!"

"Gosh!"  Mihoshi sprung up from the couch.  The bowl of ice cream 
that had been sitting on her lap sprung up, too--and plopped onto the 
floor.  "Ohhhh...I didn't mean to do that."

"Don't worry about it, Mihoshi."  Sasami rose from the couch, too.  
"I'll clean it up.  You have to go now."

"Yeah!"  Mihoshi stopped.  "But go where?"

"To the lawn out there by the lake," Tris told her.  "Kiyone's 
waiting, with Yogami."

"Right!"  Mihoshi recalled how much under the gun she had Kiyone 
were.  It would not do to be late in answering a summons by the GP.  
It could mean another write-up!  Gosh!

She barreled out of the living room, thrusting Tris aside, so that he 
tumbled against the couch containing Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka.  
Mihoshi was a very powerful being, especially when she was excited.

"Sorry, Tris!" she called behind her, and then she was gone.

Tenchi helped Tris rise from where he had involuntarily sat on the 
Princess's lap.  "You ought to watch where you sit down, bonehead," 
he said, grinning.  

"Lord, I'm sorry, Ayeka," Tris told her, his face flaming.

"It is all right, Tristram.  You did not do it intentionally."  Ayeka 
rose and straightened the folds of her robed gown.  She smiled at him 
to show she was not upset.

"Yeah, he was smack dab in the way of the Mihoshi Express," Ryoko 
cracked.  "But at least the Princess got a little action around here.  
She can write it down in her diary tonight."



A little while later, the Yogami floated in deep space, a few 
thousand miles from Earth.  Kiyone and Mihoshi sat in their cockpit 
seats on the starship's bridge, staring at their viewscreens.  On 
each was the unlovely face of Sergeant Katzaar, about the last person 
either of them would wish to be staring at.

Both of the Galaxy Police officers were in their uniforms—-barely.  
They were both disheveled, and Mihoshi had not tied her tie.  Upon 
being transport-beamed up to the Yogami, they had raced into the 
bridge, grabbed the uniforms they had left there, and struggled into 
them, while Kiyone verbally commanded the ship to leave Earth orbit.  
The Yogami had responded instantly to the simple vocal command.  Once 
she had her uniform tunic and her uniform trousers pulled on and had 
made a quick knot with her regulation tie, Kiyone sat down at the 
cockpit console and yelled for Mihoshi to do the same.  Sure enough, 
the indicator was flashing that there was a call waiting for them.  
When Mihoshi, giving up on her tie, had punched the call in, Sergeant 
Katzaar had appeared.

Sergeant Katzaar seemed to be a bit subdued, however.  There were no 
nasty looks or cracks about their appearance, nor comments about how 
long it took for them to respond.  Instead, he quickly and concisely 
told them about the hack into the GP's confidential records.  He also 
told them that the hacker had been traced to Earth, generally, and to 
the islands of Japan, specifically.

Kiyone could almost feel Mihoshi tense next to her.  She prayed that 
Mihoshi would not say or do anything to register dismay...and Kiyone 
herself fought to keep a calm, neutral demeanor.  The news of the 
trace was almost devastating, however.  She had hoped that Washuu had 
successfully eluded the GP's security countermeasures while hacking 
those close-hold records.  Well, Washuu had no doubt done her best.  
And Washuu had warned her of the possibility that her hacking efforts 
might be traced.

"Of course, since the hack came from the area on Earth you are home-
based at, you will have that advantage," Sergeant Katzaar was saying, 
slowly and without inflection.  "The hack itself was very expertly 
done.  It was well above the technological capabilities of the 
Earthlings.  You did encounter some youthful techie geeks once who 
traveled to Earth.  Perhaps this is a repeat of that."

Sergeant Katzaar looked as if he did not believe that for a moment.  
Kiyone had the definite impression that Katzaar thought she and 
Mihoshi were involved in the offense, but was choosing to stay 
neutral.  This was certainly a strange posture for Katzaar to adopt, 
considering his general antipathy to them.  Now would be the moment 
for him to pounce and accuse them directly.  Yet he was not doing 
that.  

"Understood, Sergeant."  Kiyone kept her voice and manner as neutral 
as Katzaar's.  "When would you want a preliminary report?"

"There is no deadline, since there are no real clues to the idenity 
of the culprit," Katzaar said.  "I would like an update, say, in ten 
days.  But it would be an update, not a report, if you've made no 
progress by then."

Now Kiyone really was surprised.  Katzaar would be well within his 
rights to demand a full report from them within those ten days, and 
then use their lack of progress as an excuse to request an independent 
investigative team to step in.  Katzaar was cutting her and Mihoshi a 
lot of slack.  It just did not add up.   

Still, that was a minor conundrum.  The real problem was that even if 
given a year to report, Kiyone and Mihoshi would have nothing 
satisfactory to turn in.  The only way they could crack this case 
would be to confess—-and implicate Washuu.  That was unthinkable, of 
course.  

"Very well, Sergeant," Kiyone told him.  "If nothing comes up sooner, 
we will update you in ten days."

"That's fine, Detective Makibi.  Uh, Detective Kuramitsu...about your 
tie..."

"Yes sir?"

"Well...just tie it the next time.  We know you don't spend every 
moment on your ship.  We certainly will grant you time to dress 
properly.  All right?"

"Gosh.  All right, sir."  Mihoshi appeared to be taken by surprise by 
Sergeant Katzaar's manner, too.

"Sergeant Katzaar out."  The viewscreens went blank.

"He...he almost sounded nice, Kiyone," Mihoshi said.  "Why would he be 
nice to us?  Is he sick or something?"

"I don't know, Mihoshi," Kiyone said impatiently.  "That's not 
important now.  We're in horrible trouble."  Her voice was flat.  "The 
worst.  This is the end, partner."

"What do you mean, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked worriedly.

"Mihoshi!  Weren't you listening?"  Kiyone rose from her seat.  Her 
face was flushed and she was close to shouting.  "Don't you realize—-
we can't solve this case!  We're the culprits!  This is a major 
offense!  They can and will send an investigative team to Earth to 
ferret out the truth when we turn up nothing.  They'll find out what 
happened because the first thing they'll do is call on the Masakis 
and question everyone there.  They know Ayeka and Sasami are there 
and it'll be their only lead.  When they find Ryoko and Washuu there 
too, that's it!  That's all they'll need!  Use your brain, Mihoshi!"

"But Washuu can hide away!  So can Ryoko.  No one will tell on them 
or us."

"Damn it to hell, Mihoshi!" Kiyone fumed as she paced the bridge.  
"You still don't get it!  Just finding evidence of Ryoko's or 
Washuu's presence is enough to cook us.  Even if they find nothing at 
the Masakis, that won't save our careers.  You know they won't find a 
culprit even after they covertly search every damned island in Japan.  
So it will still end up on our laps, because we'll be the prime 
suspects—-the only suspects!  Do you get it now?  We're sunk!"

Mihoshi did understand.  Tears streamed down her face.  Kiyone was 
right.  It was hopeless.  It was the end.  She would have to turn in 
the uniform that meant so much to her and leave Earth forever, and 
probably never see Kiyone again.  Her grandfather would hate her.  And 
she would have to live at home back on Kawaiidan, with all her 
brothers married off and her Daddy busy and everyone knowing she was a 
disgrace.  She sobbed quietly.

"That's right, go ahead and cry," Kiyone said roughly.  "That's all 
you ever do, anyway."

Kiyone's harsh words hit Mihoshi hard.  But she stopped crying. 
"That's not true!" she said.  "I'm as much in this as you are!  We've 
worked a lot of cases, Kiyone, and I was with you all the time!  And 
I'm with you right now!"

Mihoshi's outburst stopped Kiyone's pacing.  She stared at Mihoshi, 
wonderingly.  Mihoshi rarely spoke so forcefully.  And...she was 
absolutely right.  Kiyone realized that she had let her temper get 
away from her again.  "Yeah, you are with me.  We're in this mess 
together, all right."  Kiyone's tone was apologetic.  "Sorry, partner.  
Guess I'll have to go pet Trissy again, huh?"  Kiyone managed a tiny 
smile.

Mihoshi smiled back sadly.
  
"The fact is, you're going to get slammed along with me even though 
you didn't consent to the hacking of those close-hold records," 
Kiyone pointed out.  "You could turn me in right now and maybe 
salvage your career.  You know that, don't you?"

"Of course, I do.  I'm not stupid, Kiyone.  But I never would do that.  
You're my partner and my best friend, and what you do, I'm responsible 
for, too.  We're partners!"

"Yes, we are, Mihoshi," Kiyone agreed with sudden warmth.  Mihoshi's 
simple, sincere loyalty had moved her.  She walked over and placed a 
hand softly on Mihoshi's shoulder.  "Thanks for reminding me of that, 
partner.  I'm not alone in this and that helps."

"Of course we're not alone!  We have all those people who love us 
and will stand behind us no matter what happens.  That helps a whole 
lot!"  Mihoshi smiled reassuringly at Kiyone.

"Yeah, it really does."  Kiyone suddenly thought of Tris.  Well, maybe 
she would end up staying on Earth, unemployed and unable to show her 
face back at her home planet.  Both she and Tris would have to find 
jobs and they'd have Mihoshi with them--but she'd still have to get 
her own place!

God...!  She was actually thinking about her and Tris being married.  
He would be her husband...and they would have kids.  Kiyone suddenly 
recalled Sasami's dream.  It set her aback--mainly because the idea 
did not displease her entirely.  Kiyone realized that she had 
something real now, besides the GP, although she wasn't going to give 
up the GP without one hell of a struggle, even if it did seem 
hopeless.

"What are you thinking about, Kiyone?"

"I was thinking that I would survive, whatever happens," Kiyone 
replied.  "We both will.  But it hasn't happened yet."

"No...but it will probably happen, won't it, Kiyone?"  Mihoshi's voice 
had a rare fatalistic quality.

"Yes, partner.  I'm afraid it probably will."

"Should we...should we just admit everything now and resign?"

Kiyone shook her head decisively.  "No.  We haven't been found out 
yet.  We can hope for a miracle.  And we did commit a big offense, 
Mihoshi.  It could mean arrest for us, not just dismissal.  I don't 
fancy possibly going to prison.  I've sent too many people there—-
they'll remember me!"  She smiled faintly at her bad joke.  "There's 
still some time for us to maybe do something, before they get antsy 
over our lack of progress and send in that investigative team.  Even 
if they do, assuming everyone at the house keeps quiet, we'll still 
end up being dismissed from the GP because they can do that without 
the kind of evidence they'd need for a trial--but we'll avoid jail, 
anyway."

"Gosh.  Do you really mean...we could go to jail?"

"We could, partner.  You know as well as I do that this is damned 
serious.  Making an example of two rogue cops is just what the GP 
and the Adjutant General might do, to reassure the public that the GP 
keeps its skirts clean."

"Oh, gosh.  You're right, Kiyone."  Mihoshi sounded miserable and 
scared.  "Prison!"

"But that's not going to happen—-don't worry about it, Mihoshi.  
Besides, we have another reason not to bail out.  There's that 
showdown with Professor Klove coming up.  We know he's got some 
powerful weapon at his disposal and it's aimed at Ayeka—-and the rest 
of us.  We wouldn't be much good to the others stripped of our 
authority, our weapons, and our ship, would we?  That's one fight I 
don't want to sit out on."

"Me either," Mihoshi said.

"Good.  Then we're agreed.  We'll just tough it out, hope for a 
break, and whatever happens, happens.  Right?"

"Right."  Mihoshi said it without much enthusiasm.

"Anyway, we've had about all the fun I can take for one evening.  
We'd better go back home, Mihoshi."  Kiyone stopped herself.  She 
smiled wanly.  She had just referred to the Masaki house as "home."  
Well, maybe it would end up being home for her and Mihoshi.  She 
thought about Tris again.

"Okay.  Should we tell the others about all this, Kiyone?"

"Oh, yeah.  They deserve to know, especially if they have to face 
that GP investigative team eventually."

"Do you think they'll be...real upset?"  Mihoshi sounded worried.

"I hope not, partner.  Otherwise, we may be sleeping on Yogami 
tonight," Kiyone joked feebly.  At least, she hoped it was only a 
joke.



When Kiyone and Mihoshi presented themselves back in the living room, 
Tenchi immediately employed the remote to punch off the TV set.  He 
looked at their faces and knew something was up.

"We need to talk?" he asked.

"We need to talk," Kiyone confirmed grimly.

"Then let's go to the dining room," Sasami suggested.  She rose from 
the couch.  "I'll make some tea.  Don't you two want to change from 
your uniforms first?"

It was then that both Kiyone and Mihoshi realized that they hadn't 
even thought to change back into their street clothing before they 
left the Yogami.  They were that upset.

"Well..." Kiyone said.

"Let's change, Kiyone," Mihoshi urged.  "It will only take a few 
minutes.  Maybe we'll feel better if we do."

"I doubt it."  But Kiyone followed Mihoshi upstairs to the women's 
bedroom to change.  Sasami walked to the kitchen to begin preparing 
the tea.

Tenchi and Tris looked at each other.

"They felt pretty low--I did, too--when they had to bring back that 
news about Professor Klove," Tris said.  "But not this low.  Something 
really rotten must have happened."

"I thought having to stand around and wait for that Klove to make his 
move was bad enough," Ryoko said.  "I'd hate to think what could be 
worse."

"Perhaps it has something to do with them, personally," Ayeka 
suggested.  "Perhaps some bad news about their jobs.  They are on 
rather shaky ground, as I understand it, in regards to their careers 
right now."

"Roger that, Ayeka," Tris said.  "I heard that jerk of a Sergeant 
chew out Mihoshi when I was on their ship.  Yeah, it could be that, 
all right."    

"I hope not," Tenchi said.  "Those two have had enough grief over 
their careers." 

Soon Kiyone and Mihoshi returned, wearing salcks and blouses.  Tenchi 
led the way to the dining room.  After Sasami come in with the tea, 
Kiyone told them everything.      

"That's...that's just awful," Tenchi said after he had listened to 
Kiyone's summation of their new "case."

"Man!" Tris said, looking miserable.  "That's as rotten a break as I 
ever heard of."

"No wonder you both looked like hell when you came in," Ryoko 
commiserated.  "This whole thing stinks."  

"Yes, this is most distressing," Ayeka agreed.  "You did what you had 
to do and it is clear now that there really is a situation to justify 
it.  Surely that will count in your favor."

"It has to!" Sasami insisted.

"It won't," Kiyone said flatly.  "We're just not going to be shown 
that kind of consideration anymore.  As I've told you all before, 
Mihoshi and I are on the very edge of being dismissed anyway.  If we 
had sparkling clean records...well, maybe this would be forgiven.  But 
we don't.  And what situation?  It's all speculation and it sounds 
kind of far-fetched.  The GP is looking for--and will only look for--a 
real flesh-and-blood villain.  Not some mind projection weapon wielded 
by a comatose invalid locked away in an institution."

"But we know it's a real threat," Sasami pointed out.  "We know Lord 
Yosho's ability to sense such things.  We have the overturned 
wardrobes, and..." she stopped.

Kiyone smiled wanly.  "Uh-huh...you see?  Pretty weak stuff.  In a 
report, it will look like moonshine.  Besides, Mihoshi and I could 
have traveled back to GP Headquarters on Yogami to review the records 
on the former Klove students the right way.  The urgency of what we 
were discovering just sucked me in and I decided to take a chance and 
I got caught—-Mihoshi and I got caught.  Actually, Mihoshi is 
blameless in all this, you know."

"Kiyone, that's not important now," Mihoshi told her.  "We're in this 
together and that's that."

"I know, partner."

Kiyone sipped at her tea.  It was amazing how much all this helped--
the warm, cozy setting, the lovely tea, lovingly prepared, her friends 
all around her, who understood her and would do everything they could 
to help her and would never abandon her.  She was finally beginning to 
appreciate all that...as well as to appreciate a boy's hand holding 
her hand beneath the table, saying so much with that simple touch.  
She looked at Tris, who looked back at her with understanding and 
commiseration.  Then he grinned at her and winked.  It was crazy, but 
even that made her feel a tad better.  The big goof!  

"Golly," Sasami said.  She looked downcast.  "All these bad things.  
I don't understand why so many bad things happen to us.  We just want 
to live together and be happy.  Now, with that Professor Klove and 
his terrible weapon, whatever it is, and what's happened with Kiyone 
and Mihoshi, it seems...well, I won't say it, but I sure feel it."

The others grew silent.  Then Ryoko tossed her platinum-haired head 
and adopted her most sassy look.

"Come on, you all.  Losers sit around and wah-wah about things they 
can't help.  Remember, I told you we have the firepower to make that 
Klove creep turn tail and run without us even working up a good 
sweat.  And as far as our two cops here are concerned, it's that 
Washuu who did the hacking and it's that Washuu who will have to get 
them out of this mess.  And she'll do it, somehow!  You all know 
Washuu."

"Your sudden confidence in Miss Washuu is startling, Ryoko," Ayeka 
commented dryly.

"Hey, Princess, I don't doubt she has the brains and the beans to get 
the job done.  She just acts like a pain in the patoot sometimes and 
she shouldn't involve us in those crazy experiments of her.  That 
Dream Machine bit still burns me up!  Hell, half our problems are 
caused by her damned experiments!  But she can come up with something 
to alibi Kiyone and Mihoshi.  That kind of sneaky science stuff is 
right up her alley."

"That is not fair to Miss Washuu, Ryoko," Ayeka said.  "And if you 
say one more time that you call them as you see them...!"

"Don't need to, Princess."  Ryoko grinned.  "You said it for me."

"Perhaps we should have Washuu with us now?" Sasami ventured.  "And 
Lord Yosho and Mr. Masaki as well.  Don't you think we should?"

Tenchi considered this.  "Grandfather is in his bedroom, but he's 
probably reading and not asleep yet." Lord Yosho was an inveterate 
reader who consumed several volumes a week while awaiting sleep to 
come to him in the evenings.  "Dad and Washuu are probably still 
up...at least we haven't seen Washuu come down from Dad's room yet."  
Tenchi chose not to elaborate on that situation, understandably.  
"But," he glanced at the clock, "it is late, you know.  We'll all be 
at breakfast, anyway--even if Washuu doesn't show, we'll go get her.  
A night's rest to ponder over this problem may help.  It can't hurt!"  
Tenchi smiled.  

Sitting beside him, Tris suddenly realized how much like his venerable 
grandfather Tenchi was becoming.  His calm and reasonable approach to 
the bombshell Kiyone and Mihoshi had just dropped mirrored how Lord 
Yosho would have handled it.  And he was right—-it had been one hell 
of a day and they were all tired.  A night's repose and tomorrow they 
would all feel refreshed.  All of this gloom—-at least, some of it--
would likely evaporate like the morning dew.

"That is a good suggestion, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka approved.  "Let us 
not bother the others tonight.  We are all needing a rest and a break 
from these dire deliberations.  Of course, I regret that a certain 
person will be obliged to lose some sleep tonight..."  Ayeka smiled a 
bit superciliously at Ryoko.

"Don't worry about me, Princess.  Watching you tonight will be a real 
treat.  With Mihoshi back, I can compare you two at snoring.  Who 
snores the loudest?  Who drools the most?  I'll announce the results 
of the snore-off tomorrow morning at breakfast."

Ayeka's face flamed in the usual manner.  But she visibly took hold 
of herself.  "That is exactly the kind of childish response I have 
learned to expect from you, Ryoko.  If you dare allege that I snore, 
you had better have some proof!"

"Yeah, and I don't snore either, Ryoko!" Mihoshi said, peeved.  Then 
she noticed all the women, including Ayeka, staring at her.  "Well, I 
don't snore all that much...do I?"

"Like a buzz saw," Ryoko said.  "I'm afraid the Princess faces some 
pretty stiff competition tonight."

Sasami made a snuffing noise as she used her hands to stifle a laugh 
that demanded to be heard.  

"Forget the snore-off, Ryoko," Tenchi told her.  He appeared quite 
stern, but his brown eyes twinkled.

Ryoko shrugged.  She seemed oblivious to the thunderous look Ayeka 
directed at her.

"Okey-dokey, sweetums, whatever you say.  But it would have been a 
duel of the titans, I'm sure.  Anyway, I'll have a much more 
important thing to announce at breakfast tomorrow.  It's a way to 
settle Klove's hash and none of you will have to lift a finger."

"What are you talking about, Ryoko?" Ayeka demanded.  "If you indeed 
know such a way, tell us now."

"Yeah, Ryoko, maybe you should," Tenchi said.

Ryoko looked at Tenchi lovingly.  "It hurts me to say no to you, 
sweetums," she said.  "But I want everyone here when I announce my 
plan.  It's kind of radical, I'll admit, even for me.  I want 
everyone's input before I do it.  Besides, I need to work out more of 
the details in my mind and I'll do that tonight--if all the noise in 
the bedroom doesn't distract me, of course."  She smiled saucily at 
Ayeka.

"If you persist in this slander, it is not noise you need worry 
about!" Ayeka told her angrily.

"Ryoko...just drop that stuff," Tenchi told her.  "I can understand 
why you would want everyone to hear whatever you've come up with.  
I'm sure all of us here understands, too."  His eyes roamed around the 
table; everyone, even Ayeka, nodded assent.  "Okay, I guess that's 
it.  Sasami, thank you as always for the wonderful tea."

"You're very welcome, Tenchi," Sasami said.  She rose to take away the 
tea things.

"You can leave those dishes until morning, Sasami.  In fact," Tenchi 
added, standing up, "I'll wash them.  It's not too late to still 
watch a little TV, Sasami.  Why don't you do that and you pick the 
show again?"

"Can I?"  Sasami smiled.  "That's very nice!  There is a funny 
cooking show on the American channels where a man runs around and 
shouts and somehow prepares a meal.  That might be on."

"Oh, great," Ryoko groaned.  "Well, I'll just help my sweetums in the 
kitchen."

"Then I shall help him, too," Ayeka told her.

"No one's helping me," Tenchi said firmly.  "It's only a few cups and 
the teapot.  I don't need six hands doing two hands' work.  You two 
either watch TV with Sasami or go to bed."

"Awww..." Ryoko grumped, but she knew Tenchi meant what he said.  She 
turned to Ayeka.  "You going to bed now, Princess?"

"I think not.  I believe I shall watch that cooking program with 
Sasami.  It sounds charming."

"Charming!" Ryoko snorted.  "Like an ear infection!  But I guess I'll 
watch it, too."

"You'll like it, Ryoko," Sasami said.  "The man is pretty handsome, I 
think, and the recipes are interesting, although there's usually too 
much meat and cheese in his dishes to suit our diets."

"Meat and cheese!" Mihoshi exclaimed.  "That reminds me.  Sasami, do 
you think you could make a pizza?"

"A pizza?"  Sasami frowned, thinking.  "I've heard of it.  It's a 
dough crust with tomato sauce, cheese, and toppings.  I suppose I 
could.  Why do you want a pizza, Mihoshi?"

"Oh..."  Mihoshi looked at Tris and giggled.  "Someone sang about a 
pizza pie and it got me all hungry!"

"Sang about a pizza pie?"  Tenchi, on his way to the kitchen, stopped 
and looked at Tris.  This sounded pretty weird, even for his pal.

But it was Kiyone who said, flatly, "Don't go there, Tenchi.  
Mihoshi--hush up!"

"Okay."  Mihoshi looked abashed.  She had forgotten that Kiyone had 
not liked Tris's song.

"But I can make the pizza, Kiyone," Sasami said.  "Maybe Tris will 
help me, since he seems to know something about it.  It would be a 
change and a treat for us."

"Oh, all right."  Kiyone gave in.  Mihoshi always got her way—-hadn't 
she learned that by now?  "But pizza is for eating--not singing!  
Right?"  She stared hard at Tris.

"Right, Officer," Tris agreed.

Kiyone was mollified.  She could count on Tris not to do an encore of 
that stupid song.  He knew what he'd get if he did!   

Tenchi, sensing that another minor problem had resolved itself, 
carried the tea things to the kitchen.

Ayeka rose.  "Actually, that sounds rather nice.  I would like to try 
some of this pizza after seeing it featured in so many American 
commercials.  And the local commercials mention pizza as well."

"Sounds good to me, too."  Ryoko also rose from the table.  "When do 
you plan to make this pizza, Sasami?"

"Why not tomorrow night?" Sasami proposed.

"Sure," Tris said.  "Let's have a pizza party!"

"That's great!  A party!" Mihoshi seconded.

"Hey, if it's a party, you know I'm in."  Ryoko grinned.  

"Oh, we know that," Ayeka said with resignation.  "I am certainly up 
for such a party--although I would certainly amend the guest list."  
She looked pointedly at Ryoko.

Ryoko only wrinkled her nose at the Princess in response.  She would 
just crash any party she wasn't invited to, anyway.

Inwardly, Kiyone groaned.  Now they were making a party out of it!  
But she knew it was her friends' way.  They celebrated even in the 
midst of crisis.  It really did help get them through the worst of 
times.  Like that occasion when they all were involved in the Kagato 
affray.  Right in the middle of a crisis situation she at first 
hadn't been able to find any of them except Tenchi—-and when she did 
finally track the others down, they were having a party!  

Kiyone thought she understood that attitude a little better now.  
Being grim and pessimistic about problems only made you...grim and 
pessimistic.  Even if you solved the problem, you ended up feeling no 
real joy in the aftermath.  But if you kept a good attitude and 
allowed yourself some fun in the meantime, the problem certainly 
didn't get any worse; and when you did solve it, you also had the 
benefit of having enjoyed yourself a little along the way.

"Okay, so let's have a pizza party," Kiyone said.  "Why not?"

"That's right, Kiyone," Tris agreed.  "Why not?"

"Yay!" said Mihoshi, sealing the deal.

"Hey, Tenchi," Ryoko called in the direction of the kitchen.  "Did 
you hear about the party?"

"Sure did," Tenchi called back.  "Sounds great!  Let's do it!"

"See what you started, ding-dong?" Kiyone asked Mihoshi

"Uh-huh," said Mihoshi.  "It'll be fun!"

"Sure it will," Sasami declared.  "Tris, will you help me go get what 
we need tomorrow?"

"Will do."

"Well, that's settled," Ryoko said with satisfaction.  She rose.  
"Let's go look at that old cooking show...maybe the guy will do a 
pizza recipe."

"He just might, at that."  Ayeka smiled.

They departed for the living room.  Tenchi soon joined them.  The 
cooking show featured lasagna instead of pizza, but no matter.  They 
were all feeling more optimistic now and even looking forward, a 
little, to that pizza party.  It was a shame that it would be prove 
to be so rudely cancelled.





