TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER TWELVE
No Need For Assumptions
_______________________


Due to the fact that Tenchi, Tris, and the women pulled out of Kochi 
City around 11 p.m. that evening, it wasn't until early the next 
morning that they arrived back at the Masaki Shrine.  They were 
tired, happy, and a little sun burnt.

Although Tenchi's father had already retired to bed, since he had to 
rise early for another workday, Lord Yosho was up to meet them.  He 
shooed the weary beach-goers to bed and undertook the completion of 
the van unloading himself.  When the rental folks arrived later that 
morning to pick up the Daihatsu custom minivan, Lord Yosho met them 
and turned over the keys.  He seemed to thrive on little sleep.

Breakfast was out of the question, of course...everyone (except Lord 
Yosho and Nobuyuki) slept through it.  Around noonish, Sasami finally 
rose from her futon and, with Ayeka's help, prepared a lunch for the 
other late risers.

They all sat together around the table for lunch, even Washuu.  They 
were still a bit tired but very satisfied.  There is a wonderful 
languor that one feels after a particularly energetic and fine time 
has been had.  Lord Yosho, joining them for lunch, was amused to see 
the tired but smiling faces, all of them a bit flushed from the sun.  
The trip to the beach had been a solid success.

It turned out to be a stolen day.  Most of the beachgoers rose from 
lunch to do chores, but not vigorously.  Except for Tenchi; for some 
reason, Lord Yosho insisted he and his grandson put in at least an 
hour of Shintaido Bojutsu practice.  Since Yosho was no slave driver, 
Tenchi assumed that his grandfather had a particular reason for making 
him practice.  

Yosho did.  He was still very concerned by the Presence and what its 
change in tactics portended.  He felt that time may be running out 
and that his grandson would soon need all his combat skills.  The 
Presence had not come the night before, but Yosho felt certain that 
it would come back again.  Nothing that evil gave up easily. 



Tris decided he might as well put in an hour or two trimming grass.  
He went into his and Tenchi's bedroom to change from shorts to jeans.  
(Resting on grass and stone on one's bare knees was rather 
uncomfortable, he had found.)  The young American was preparing to 
depart and had slid open the bedroom door when he saw Ryoko standing 
there.

"Hi, Tris," she said.

"Hi, Ryoko.  Tenchi isn't here, he's with his grandfather—-"

"I know where he is."  Ryoko seemed a bit pensive.  Unusual for her, 
to say the least.  "May I come in?"

"Sure..."

Tris stepped aside from the doorway.  Ryoko walked in.  She made a 
beeline to Tenchi's bed.  She sat down.  She looked at Tris.

"Better close the door, Tris."

Tris cocked an eyebrow at her.  She laughed suddenly.

"Oh, that's not what it is, you goof!  I just want to talk."

"Many women have told me that, at first," Tris said.  "And then--many 
women have, by golly."

Tris slid the door shut.  He walked up to her.  He stood by Tenchi's 
bed.

"Oh, sit down!" Ryoko told him.  "I won't bite."

"You sure?"

Ryoko smiled crookedly.  "I'm sure."

"Right-o."  Tris sat down on the bed beside the space pirate.

"Tris, you must think I'm really hell on wheels," Ryoko began.

"Well, you're not Miss Manners," he said.  "But you're not hell on 
wheels or heels or anything else."

"Okay, but...you think I'm pretty rude and crude, huh?"

"I think you're honest and forthright.  And pretty.  Maybe you need a 
little work in the think-before-you-speak department.  But who am I 
to talk about that?"

"That's one thing I like about you, though," Ryoko said.  "You say 
what you think, even if you do only get a punch out of it."

"Yeah," Tris said reflectively.  He absently rubbed his right 
shoulder.

"So you like me, huh?" Ryoko asked.

"Ryoko, you're every boy's dream gal.  Better than that, you're for 
real.  And I'm damned glad we're friends, finally."

"Okay, thanks, Tris."  Ryoko smiled affectionately at the intruder, 
the goofball, who had turned out to be such a nice guy.  "Since you 
feel that way...I'd like to ask you a question."

"Fire away."

"You're a guy and I'd like a guy's opinion."  Ryoko hesitated.  It 
wasn't going to be as easy to ask as she had thought.  But, 
characteristically, she plunged ahead.  "Tris...why won't Tenchi make 
up his mind?  You know what I mean."

"Yeah, I know what you mean."  Tris thought a moment.  "Ryoko, Tenchi 
is a great guy.  I mean, a great guy among great guys.  At college, he 
really stands out.  He's not loud or a show-off, but the other guys 
look up to him, somehow.  If I had a tenth of Tenchi's charisma, I'd 
go back to the States when I was old enough and run for Congress and 
win.  He really cares about people and will go pretty far not to 
exclude anyone or hurt someone's feelings.  He could have objected to 
getting a strange Yank for a roommate, but he accepted it and even 
pretended to be happy about it, at first.  We became pals, but that 
just happened.  He would have been nice to me regardless."  Tris 
grinned.  "Just look at all the trouble he went to just to have me 
over for a few days!"

"Everything you've said I already know," Ryoko pointed out.

"Yeah, I guess so.  Well, what I'm leading up to is that Tenchi is 
such a good guy—-and a smart guy—-that he knew back when he was in 
high school that he was just too young and inexperienced then to make 
that decision you want him to make.  He knows that it's for life.  Now 
he's older and he will have to make that decision...but he doesn't 
want to hurt one of you.  So, he's going to be damned certain when he 
chooses.  And that, I think, is the bottom line, Ryoko."

"That makes sense," Ryoko admitted.  "I always kind of knew that, I 
guess, but it's nice to hear someone else say it who's a little more 
objective than the others around here."  She looked down and slowly 
swung her feet, back and forth.  "You know, it's because he's that 
way that I love him so much.  It's so damned unfair!"

"Unfair?"

"Sure!  I love Tenchi with all my heart...all my being, Tris.  All I 
want is to be with him, as his wife.  I don't care where, I don't care 
how.  I'd live in that damned cave where we found Washuu if I had to."  
She grinned at Tris.  "Or even in that hokey tent!  By now, Tenchi 
should know he loves me and want to be with me forever and ever, 
but..."  Ryoko paused.

"But there's Ayeka," Tris finished for her.

"Yeah, the Princess.  That snobbish, rich, overbearing hunk of Jurai 
royalty—-but she's more than that, much more, although I'll deny ever 
admitting it!  And she loves Tenchi too—-really loves him.  What 
should be sweet and simple is kind of sour and complicated.  That's 
what's so unfair.  And I can't hate the Princess, no matter how much 
I've tried to.  So we're on tetherhooks, the Princess and me, just 
waiting—-wanting to hear and yet dreading to hear what Tenchi will 
tell us someday."  Ryoko stopped swinging her feet.  She sat there, 
clearly in a funk.        

Tris looked at the space pirate.  He felt for her and thought he 
understood her now a little better now.  Ryoko clearly had wanted to 
spill her feelings to someone outside the Masaki family for a long 
time.  In a way, it was a real compliment to Tris that she had 
unburdened herself a little to him.  Still, though, it had to be hard 
for Ryoko to bare her innermost anxieties to him.  So Tris tried the 
leaven the mood.  "Yeah, I see what you mean, Ryoko.  Love hurts."

Now Ryoko laughed.  "You should know that, you goofball!"

Tris laughed, too.  "Yeah, I guess I do, at that."

"Tris, I've gotta tell you...you've showed me some things I thought 
I'd never see, and I've been around, you know.  But the biggest 
surprise has to be how you wormed your way into Kiyone's heart.  
That's something I really never thought I'd see."

"Why?" Tris asked.  "Kiyone is a regular person.  She's a warm, 
caring woman."

"Hey, don't get me wrong, Tris."  The platinum-haired space pirate 
regarded him, rather speculatively, with those amazing golden eyes.  
"I knew she was attracted to boys.  It's just that she built that 
shell around herself and stayed in it so long.  She had feelings for 
guys, I knew that.  She was just afraid to show them...thought it 
would take her mind off her career or something if she got serious 
about a guy.  She wasn't looking, that's for sure.  Single and not 
looking.  That was our Kiyone."

"Well, I wasn't either," Tris pointed out.  "I just wanted to breeze 
through college here, have a few laughs, maybe date some girls for 
fun, and stay cool.  Tenchi was about the first person I ever even 
talked to seriously after...well, after everything went to hell back 
home."

"Yeah...I heard a little about that.  That's tough, Tris.  I know 
what it's like to be alone."  Ryoko looked at him with empathy.  Then 
she grinned.  "So, here's two people who weren't looking, trying to 
cruise around solo, and wham!  Collision!  That's classic!"  Ryoko 
laughed heartily.

She rose, still chuckling.  "I'm glad we had this little talk, Tris.  
You've made things more fun around here, that's for sure.  Bye."  She 
floated up and passed through the door.  Outside the door, Tris heard 
her say, laughingly, "Wham!  Abandon ship!  Goofballs and lady cops 
first!"  The laughter continued and slowly lowered in volume until it 
was gone.

Tris shook his head.  "The Cheshire Cat!  I swear!"  He stood up.  
The grass wasn't going to get trimmed by him just sitting there.



"Tenchi, I think we can end the session here," Lord Yosho said, 
lowering his stave.

His grandson bowed to him and he bowed in return.

"Thanks, Grandfather."  Tenchi meant it, too.  All of his practice 
combats with Grandfather were intense and straining.  One did not 
progress if one did not extend oneself, as Grandfather often said.  
But this session had been a real challenge.  His head had been in 
danger of being thumped several times.  However, Tenchi had managed to 
survive the practice combat unscathed.

Yosho caught the tone of his grandson's voice.  "Yes, Tenchi, I was 
testing you very severely today.  I gave you of my best.  I am happy 
to observe that you are returning to your fighting trim...although 
you still have a ways to go yet."

"I'm happy, too, Grandfather."  Tenchi shook his head.  "I didn't 
realize how much out of practice I was."

"That is the key...practice...in order to be prepared for the real 
thing."

Tenchi looked at his grandfather, realization growing in him.  "Do 
you think I might—-we might—-meet up with the real thing, 
Grandfather?"

Lord Yosho nodded.  "I cannot justify my feelings factually, Tenchi.  
But I do feel we will."

"It's that...force or visitation, or whatever it is?"

"Yes, Tenchi.  It may have lowered its intensity, but I cannot believe 
that it is truly ebbing.  It has visited us too often for that.  It's 
also directed toward at least one of us from Jurai or descended from 
Jurai.  Of that, there can be no doubt."

"No doubt, Grandfather?"

"None, Tenchi."  Lord Yosho walked over the rack and deposited his 
stave.  Tenchi followed him and did likewise.  "I considered that we 
might be facing an old enemy of Ryoko's or perhaps even of Professor 
Washuu.  But this invading Presence...it smacks of an old evil and a 
very powerful and deceitful one.  I believe that any enemies of Ryoko 
and Professor Washuu would attack in a far more forthright manner."

"Yes, that makes sense, Grandfather."  Tenchi frowned.  "When whatever 
it is makes its move--if it does--do you think I will need to 
unsheathe Sword Tenchi?"

"I'm afraid it's possible, Tenchi."

The young Juraian Prince spoke sadly.  "I thought I could put Sword 
Tenchi away forever after the battle against Kagato.  Grandfather, we 
were all nearly killed.  It was a really close thing.  To have to go 
through it again--and against something we can't even get a real 
handle on!"

Lord Yosho nodded.  "Yes.  It is not the fate—-or the life—-I had 
hoped for you, Tenchi.  My hope was that you would never have to 
employ Sword Tenchi again, that you would simply enjoy a full and good 
life as my successor...and that you would expend your energies 
providing me with many great-grandchildren to spoil!"  He smiled.

"I know, Grandfather."  Tenchi returned the smile.  Then his 
expression became somber and resolute.  "But I understand my fate, 
too.  I have been given the means—-and the duty--to fight powerful 
evil.  And I will fight if I have to."

Lord Yosho placed a fond hand on his grandson's shoulder.  "That is 
the true warrior spirit, Tenchi...not to seek battle but to do battle 
when evil threatens yourself and those you love.  You have learned 
that lesson well, grandson."

"Thank you, Grandfather."

"In a way, our Jurai heritage is a curse," Lord Yosho mused.  "A 
family as immensely wealthy and all-powerful as ours will not only 
produce the renegades such as Kagato but also incite hatred and envy 
in other powerful beings.  The kind of hatred and envy that would 
motivate such beings to strike out at the royal family--and perhaps do 
so by targeting the family members they consider most vulnerable: the 
runaway prince who fell to the primitive planet Earth and his 
progeny."

"I understand, Grandfather."  Tenchi's face was firm and set.  "We'll 
show whatever it is that we're not so vulnerable!"

"Indeed we will, grandson."  Yosho now introduced a different topic.  
"Tenchi, ordinarily I would not ask you to betray a confidence.  But 
this may have something to do with the enemy we face."

"Yes, Grandfather?"

"The night that Tristram hosted that film that turned out to be a 
horror movie...and the screams from the women's bedroom.  That was not 
Sasami--was it, grandson?"

Tenchi looked a bit uncomfortable.  "No, Grandfather, it wasn't.  I 
guess I should have told you.  But Ayeka was so worried about it and 
embarrassed.  I decided to leave it be as long as she apologized to 
Tris."

"Please do not misunderstand me, Tenchi.  I don't disapprove of your 
actions.  That was your own business to handle.  If it weren't for the 
present situation, I would not have brought up the subject at all."

"I see.  You knew all along, Grandfather?"

"I suspected.  The screams were too mature-sounding to be from little 
Sasami.  Mihoshi noticed that, too, if you'll recall.  Ordinarily, 
Princess Ayeka would have been embarrassed, of course, but she would 
have quickly owned up to the screaming.  But when she hesitated—-and 
Sasami took the blame—-I suspected that this was not the first 
instance of such behavior, and that both of them did not want anyone 
else to know.  My deduction was that the Princess was too caught up 
with her competition with Ryoko to admit to such a weakness.  That's 
the only significance I placed on the affair at that time."

Tenchi slowly nodded his head.  "You should be a detective yourself, 
Grandfather."  Tenchi related what the Princess had told him.  When he 
finished, he asked, "Do you recall Ayeka having those bad dreams as a 
little girl, Grandfather?"

Lord Yosho considered that question for a quiet moment.  "I believe I 
heard a vague reference to them.  At that time, I was far away on one 
of my expeditions...very likely with Kagato.  We were friends at that 
time and boon companions, as you know.  Princess Ayeka told you that 
her current series of bad dreams resemble the rash of bad dreams she 
suffered as a child?"

"Yes, Grandfather.  She said they're identical.  That's why she is so 
sure they'll just go away again."  Tenchi looked concerned.  "Do you 
think there is any connection with that thing you've been sensing?"

"Perhaps.  I have slowly come to the belief that it is possible.  Too 
slowly, perhaps.  I will need to question the Princess about it.  But 
I will wait until tomorrow, once she and everyone else has fully 
recovered from that beach excursion of yours!"  He smiled, and his 
voice held a trace of nostalgia.  "Watching the moon rise at 
Katsurahama Beach.  You are not the only one of our family to have 
done that with loved ones."

"Really, Grandfather?"

"Yes.  In fact, your father and mother did that very same thing long 
ago.  If I'm not mistaken, I believe that is where your father 
proposed to your mother."

"No kidding, Grandfather.  Wow...think of that."

Both Tenchi and his grandfather did think of that for a moment...and 
of the beautiful, loving daughter and mother named Achika Masaki.



Tor Bodai, the burly and bewhiskered Chief Of Patrol for Division 
Zeta (comprising five regions, ten sub-regions and some 100 sectors) 
of the Galaxy Police (and former Chief Instructor at the Galaxy 
Police Academy) sat in his spare little office at GP Headquarters.  
He made a pretense of looking over some reports (in permanent foolscap 
format, i.e., paper rather than electronic form).  He was actually 
making the person standing quietly before his cluttered desk wait for 
him on purpose.  It was a favorite technique of his to see if enforced 
waiting in his presence provoked any nervous or angry reactions.

In this case, he was to be disappointed.  Detective Sergeant (newly 
pinned-on) Mitsuki Sakakibara, the trim, efficient-looking, red-
haired officer, her uniform spotless, manner officially neutral, just 
stood there and waited for him to finish.  She stared at a boundary 
map of the section GP patrol districts on the wall behind his desk 
module.

Chief Bodai had hoped she'd show some nervousness.  His re-
investigation of the Slaakive mis-identification fiasco was frankly 
going nowhere.  He had reviewed the facts and talked to the two 
Galaxy Police officers who had helped Detectives Makibi and Kuramitsu 
bust the alleged vagrant on that pleasure planet (who had turned out 
to be just that, a vagrant who bore some fleeting similarity in 
features to the still fugitive kidnapper Slaakive).  He had the main 
identification-comparison module all but taken apart in an attempt to 
discover any record of that affirmative ID analysis report Detectives 
Makibi and Kuramitsu insisted they saw.  Nothing had resulted.  All he 
had was no new evidence...and his gut feelings about Kiyone and 
Mitsuki.

He had instructed both Cadets Makibi and Sakakibara at the Academy.  
He had liked them both very much back then.  They had been friends and 
seemed then like the proverbial two peas in a pod.  Both had been 
bright, aggressive young cadets eager to make their mark in the GP.  
Spotless disciplinary records, outstanding marks in all subjects, not 
even the desire to attend off-campus parties or even to date fellows.  
They had spent their free time working on special projects for extra 
credit, often together.  (Chief Bodai had wished the two would have 
engaged in some sort of social life, but he had been their instructor, 
not their nanny.  Those latter duties had been reserved for the 
formidable Inspector Maki.)  

Yet, following graduation from the Academy, that pea pod had been 
split asunder, irrevocably.  Kiyone had suffered through career-
slowing backwater assignments with a partner who was occasionally 
hapless (Mihoshi Kuramitsu, granddaughter of the Grand Marshal, which 
meant no more needed to be said).  Mitsuki quickly won assignment to 
Headquarters.  There, she had changed.  She had learned the political 
ropes, taking part in the in-fighting and backstabbing that plague 
all bureaucracies, even elite ones.

It was unfortunate that such tactics sometimes did more for the 
practitioner's career than simply attending to duty and showing 
occasional initiative.  Many fine officers labored out in the field, 
forgotten and un-trumpeted, unless they made a spectacular arrest--
while staff officers pulled a few internal coups, usually at the 
expense of others, and won recognition and promotion.  Mitsuki had 
certainly won promotion, largely for achievements on paper.  It was a 
rotten system, one that Chief Bodai and others like him had vowed to 
eradicate.  But it was going to take time.  In the meantime, up-and-
comers like Mitsuki did not want to waste time in advancing 
themselves...and so made a moral choice.

It was that moral choice that convinced Chief Bodai that Detective 
Sergeant Sakakibara was more likely to resort to skullduggery than 
Detective First Class Makibi.  Oh, Kiyone was hot-tempered, impulsive, 
perhaps overly aggressive at times...but those were the understandable 
symptoms of a dedicated officer, symptoms that time and experience 
would ease.  The problem was, those symptoms were all that many at 
Headquarters had experienced from Kiyone—-that, and the knowledge that 
she was partnered with the less-than-sterling Mihoshi.  In fact, to 
those who did not know her well, Kiyone was the one who seemed more 
likely to push the envelope too hard to win promotion, not Mitsuki.  
The fact that Kiyone and Mihoshi couldn't even say they saw the then-
subordinate Mitsuki put the alleged full comparo-ID report on Kiyone's 
desk module let Mitsuki out completely—-particularly if there was no 
electronic or paper trail, and there wasn't.

So, the logical assumption would be that Kiyone, bitterly frustrated 
over having had her career stalled so long and determined to play 
career catch-up, had arrested a person solely based on the strength 
of a preliminary comparo-ID report.  That was strictly against GP 
regulations and common sense, to boot.  The proper thing to have done 
was to hold the suspect at the pleasure planet and then run the full 
comparo-ID at Headquarters.  At any rate, when the vagant proved not 
to be Slaakive, Kiyone had lied in desperation about seeing a full 
comparo-ID report.  Mihoshi, her good friend (really, her only friend; 
Kiyone did not make friends easily) had then loyally--and foolishly--
backed her up.  That was what many at Headquarters seemed to believe, 
at any rate.

Chief Bodai knew Kiyone better than that, of course, but he was quite 
alone in that knowledge.  True, Detectives Makibi and Kuramitsu had 
won a little respect back over the handing of those errant young girls 
from Souiis.  Still, many at GP Headquarters would remember only that 
they had fired upon a ship piloted by kids.  And many more still felt 
that Kiyone and Mihoshi should have been dismissed from the service 
over the Slaakive mis-identification fiasco and had been retained only 
because one of them had a grandfather who was the Grand Marshal. 

Of course, that alleged positive full ID-comparo report could have 
been easily faked.  Such a forgery would not hold up to close 
inspection, of course, but if an over-eager Kiyone and Mihoshi had 
simply seen in it what they had been hoping for and had not given the 
report a thorough look...yes, that was likely what had happened.  
Chief Bodai had to admit that he had been capable of such a blunder 
when he had been Kiyone's age.  Once she and Mihoshi had left to make 
their big bust, the report would have been spirited away and 
destroyed.  No fuss, no muss...and no evidence left behind.

Well, anyway, he'd called Mitsuki in.  He'd better stop stalling and 
talk to her.  It was likely a waste of time at any rate.

His head rose.  He stared at her.  "First of all, Sergeant Sakakibara, 
I again congratulate you on your promotion."

"Thank you, Chief."  Mitsuki voice was neutral.  Clearly, she wasn't 
buying it.

"And I offer my best wishes on your upcoming wedding with Lieutenant 
Zay're."  That was a match made in political heaven.  Lieutenant 
Zay're was another hard-charging staff officer.  Together, they would 
make a formidable combination.  They could one day rise to the highest 
ranks of the GP.  Chief Bodai felt a little depressed at the thought.

"Thank you again, Chief."  There was just enough feeling in her reply 
to avoid any charge of impertinence.  Sergeant Sakakibara knew how to 
play the game, all right.  This was going to be a waste of time.

But he tried.  "Sergeant...I want you to know that I understand the 
special pressures that this service places on young officers.  I have 
no recording devices in this office.  I never use them.  We need 
talented officers like yourself and we will be willing to forgive one 
misstep--if that misstep is confessed to in a timely manner."

Detective Sergeant Sakakibara blinked.  Then she said, "Yes, Chief.  
I believe you and the GP showed great fairness to Detectives First 
Class Makibi and Kuramitsu.  This re-investigation is proof that the 
service will bend over backwards to be fair."

Inwardly Chief Bodai groaned.  The little staff heroine had all her 
moves laid out, her answers down pat. 

"Sergeant Sakakibara...Mitsuki...is there nothing you'd like to say to 
me?  The time is now, believe me."

"Such as what, Chief?"  Her voice was distantly polite.

"I think you know what."

"I am sorry, Chief.  I truly don't."  She waited a few beats, and then 
asked, "Is that all, Chief?"

Chief Bodai sighed inwardly, but kept his outward composure.  "Yes, 
Sergeant.  That is all."

With a quick and textbook-perfect salute, Sergeant Mitsuki left.

Chief Bodai sat and thought a moment.  Then he stood up and kicked 
his desk, hard.  It hurt his foot but it made him feel better inside, 
a little.



Following his conversation with his grandfather, Tenchi walked to the 
house.  On the way, he had passed and greeted Tris, who was bent over 
another stone pathway, trimming away.  Tris had asked him if the 
governor had sent along the reprieve.  Tenchi had told him no and to 
get back to work.  Past the garden shed, he saw Sasami, who was 
taking a break from the kitchen to play with Ryo-Ohki.  He had waved 
at Sasami and Sasami waved back.  Ryo-Ohki had "meow-er"-ed at him 
amiably.

Tenchi entered his house quietly and exchanged his shoes for house 
slippers.  He heard a noise above him.  He looked up to the ceiling.  
On one of the wide beams, he saw a dark form and a shock of platinum 
hair.  He grinned, and then yelled, "Ryoko!"

He heard a startled gasp from above.  An object fell from the 
rafters, nearly hitting him.  He looked at it.  It was one of the 
hentai books that Tris had accidentally given Sasami and Mihoshi.  
Immediately, Ryoko followed it down.

"Tenchi—-I'm sorry I dropped it, you surprised me—-I didn't mean—-"  
She floated up to him.  She looked a bit abashed.

"Catching up on your reading, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

"Just looking at that silly stuff for a lark...you know."  Her voice 
was casual but her golden eyes were anxious.

Tenchi dropped it.  "Just don't let Sasami see any of that."

"I won't, sweetums!"

"Okay.  Have you seen Ayeka?"

"What do you want to see her for?" Ryoko asked, all contriteness gone.

"I just want to see her."

"Why?  You're seeing me.  Why go look at second best?"  She gave him 
a sassy smile.

Tenchi shook his head and smiled back in spite of himself.  "Ryoko!"

The space pirate was pleased.  As long as she could make her Tenchi 
smile, all was right in her world.

"She's in the laundry room," Ryoko said, referring to the smallish 
nook beside the kitchen where the clothes washer did its duty.

"Uh-huh.  Weren't you supposed to help her?"

Ryoko was all wide-eyed innocence.  "I tried, sweetums...I really 
did!  She booted me out."

"Oh?"

"That's right.  She said I took too long sorting the clothes.  Isn't 
that silly?  Just because I'm kinda picky about my clothes.  You 
remember how my nice lemon blouse ended up looking like a squashed 
orange?"

"Mihoshi did that," Tenchi reminded her.  "And she apologized to you 
about a hundred times."  That was why Mihoshi no longer pulled 
laundry duty.

"Well, you can't be too careful, Tenchi.  I always want to look my 
best for you."

"Okay, okay."  Tenchi didn't want to get involved in yet another 
discussion on that topic.  "I'll just go talk to Ayeka for a moment.  
See you later, Ryoko."

"See you soon, sweetums."

Tenchi left.  Ryoko waited until he had gone, then picked up the 
hentai book and floated back up to the rafters.

As he passed the stairs, Tenchi heard voices from the floor above:

"Mihoshi--if you dump floor wax on my feet again--!"

"I won't, Kiyone.  Please don't yell at me."

"Okay.  I won't yell."

Tenchi smiled.  Life at the Masaki household had its own particular 
rhythm.

In the laundry room, he found Ayeka bent over the Matsushita washing 
machine, putting in clothing.  The Princess still had a flush on her 
face from a minor squabble with Ryoko.  She was very glad to see 
Tenchi.

"When you wash that load, Ayeka, I'll help you put it out on the 
line," Tenchi said.

"Thank you, Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka was happy to do domestic chores with 
Tenchi although she thought perhaps it was not entirely fitting for 
him to perform such labor.  However, it certainly beat trying to get 
Ryoko back to help her.  She walked up to him, smiling.

"Ayeka," Tenchi began, already feeling a bit uncomfortable with what 
he had to say next.  "About your bad dreams and all..."

The Princess stiffened perceptibly.  "Yes, Lord Tenchi?"

"Something came up when I was speaking with Grandfather.  I had to 
tell him about who really screamed that night we watched that horror 
movie."

Ayeka nodded.  She stood very still.  "I understand, Lord Tenchi."

"I'm sorry, Ayeka.  But Grandfather isn't upset, of course.  He may 
ask you some questions about it tomorrow, though."

"Why, Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka did not look pleased at the prospect.

"Well...he's a bit concerned about the dreams...as I am."  Tenchi 
knew it sounded lame.

"Is he?  I see.  As it happens, the bad dreams have ended."

"Really?" Tenchi asked, surprised.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi.  Several days ago.  Not that you bothered to ask 
me."  Ayeka's tone was cool, collected...and not a bit friendly.

Tenchi just stared at the extraordinary woman he had known for so 
long.  She had gotten angry with him and scolded him before (as she 
had for swimming in the cold ocean yesterday), but she never before 
used such a formal, frosty tone with him.

"I..." he began awkwardly.  "I know you're right, Ayeka.  I should 
have asked.  I'm sorry.  Truly, I am."

"If you are, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka spoke very slowly and distinctly, 
"then you will kindly drop this subject...and you will ask Lord Yosho 
to do likewise."

"Ayeka!"  Tenchi couldn't believe what he was hearing from the 
Princess.  "I'm happy to drop it but I can't tell Grandfather what to 
do.  He may ask you some questions, anyway.  He'll do it privately--he 
won't embarrass you, you know that."

Princess Ayeka's back was ramrod straight.  Her eyes blazed.  "Very 
well.  If I must submit to interrogation by Lord Yosho like a common 
criminal--or a space pirate--regardless of my wishes, I shall."  She 
turned from him and walked back to the washer.  "Please ask Ryoko to 
come and help me, Lord Tenchi, if you please."  

"But I was going to help you."

"If it is all the same to you, Lord Tenchi, I prefer the company of 
one who has at least never mislead me as to her feelings about me.  
Thank you."

"But..."

"Lord Tenchi, I believe I have made myself clear."

If Ayeka had assaulted Tenchi physically he could have not been more 
stunned.  Certainly, Ayeka was embarrassed about the matter.  But she 
was always fair-minded, or at least tried to be.  This was just not 
like her.  And to speak to him the way she just had...so cold and 
hostile...that just seemed impossible.  But the impossible had 
happened.

Tenchi studied Ayeka's stiffened back a moment.  "Okay," he said and 
left the laundry room.

When he reached the living room, Ryoko floated down to him.  "Hey, you 
two didn't sound so happy in there.  What's up with the Princess?"

"Please help her with the laundry, Ryoko.  And please don't antagonize 
her."

Ryoko studied Tenchi.  She saw the hurt in his eyes.  She shrugged.  
"Sure, sweetums.  I will."

"Thanks, Ryoko."  Tenchi walked to the front door, slipped on his 
street shoes, opened the door, and departed.  

With some trepidation, Ryoko walked, not flew, to the laundry room. 



"I've pulled some tough weeds before, chum," Tris addressed a 
particularly hardy plant that had sprouted between two stones in the 
walkway he was trimming.  "But you are one badass mofo!"  He used the 
trowel; finally, the weed gave up the ghost.  

He became aware of someone standing before him.  He looked up.  It 
was Tenchi.

"Yo," Tris said.

"Yo," replied Tenchi.  "Talking to plants now, huh?"

"Yeah.  They don't talk back, unlike Galaxy Police officers.  What's 
up?  You look a little peeved."

"Tris, has Ayeka seemed a little...upset, lately?"

Tris pondered the question.  "No.  She's seemed really upbeat.  After 
our beach trip, she seemed happy as a clam.  No pun intended."

"That's what I thought.  Well, just now, she more or less handed me my 
head."

"Ayeka?"

"Yeah."  Tenchi quickly sketched out his confrontation with Ayeka in 
the laundry room.

"Sheesh!" Tris said when Tenchi finished.  "That doesn't sound like 
our favorite royal personage."

"You bet it doesn't."

"She'd be a little embarrassed about it, sure.  She was when she 
apologized to me a few days ago.  But it wasn't anything extreme--
nothing to get her to act like that, I don't reckon."

"That was my impression, too.  So what's up with her?"

Tris shook his head.  "I haven't the foggiest."

Tenchi said, "I'm going to talk to Grandfather again.  You want to 
come?"

"Sure, if I'm not intruding."

"You might as well get used to intruding...you're involved in this.  
Come on."

Leaving his garden shears and trowel behind, Tris walked with Tenchi 
toward the temple.



"Ummmm...Princess," Ryoko broke the heavy silence that suffused the 
laundry room.  "Should I go ahead and sort the rest of these clothes?  
Or what?"

Ayeka seemed fascinated by the rumbling of the washing machine—-it 
appeared to claim all of her attention.  "You must suit yourself, 
Ryoko," she said.

"I mean...you haven't already sorted these clothes, right?  I need to 
do it, right?"  Ryoko couldn't get a handle on this quiet and morose 
and frigidly civil Ayeka.  The Princess had always responded to her 
before, not always amiably, of course.  But this silence was 
unexpected and kind of awful.

"That is correct, Ryoko.  That is a task that needs doing."  That was 
all Ayeka said.

"All right then..."  Ryoko began to rummage through the clothes.  
"Hey, here's my plum-colored blouse.  I got that in Zenon, you know, 
that planet where all the rich people go to spend money.  You been 
there?  Anyway, the blouse was on sale.  I never saw a sale on Zenon 
before, have you?  Well, I couldn't resist, Princess.  I had to do 
some shopping!  But I never should have tried on so many clothes.  
Somebody recognized me and I had to leave the best bargains I ever 
found behind.  How about that?"

Ryoko stopped.  No response from the Princess.  Ryoko might as well 
have been talking to the washing machine...at least the washing 
machine made noises back.  For some reason, the Princess's lack of 
response galled her.      

The space pirate considered handing the Princess a red-hot one or even 
several red-hot ones.  That always got a rise out of Ayeka.  But Ryoko 
wasn't so sure it would work now.  Besides, she had promised her 
Tenchi that she would not goad Ayeka--at least, not on purpose.  She 
always kept her promises to Tenchi...well, almost always.

"Hey, get a load of this!" Ryoko exclaimed.  She held up a pair of 
BVDs.  "That Tris character wears boxer shorts!  At his age!  What 
kind of guy wears old man underwear before he has to?  I wonder if 
Kiyone knows about it?  Think we ought to tell her?"  Ryoko laughed.

Very quietly, addressing the washing machine, Ayeka said, "Kiyone 
knows that she has a man who respects her and her wishes.  That is 
all that matters."

Well, at least it was a response.  "That's right, I guess, Princess.  
But he doesn't respect her too much, you know?  I think that's one 
reason she likes him.  He gets her off that high horse she climbs on 
sometimes.  But boxer shorts!"  Ryoko laughed again.

Ayeka didn't join in the laughter.  She said, "Are you finished 
sorting those clothes, Ryoko?"

"Um...no."

"Then will you kindly finish?  The clothes now in the washing machine 
are almost done.  They will need to be put on the clothesline very 
shortly.  Then we will need to do another load--if the clothes are 
sorted and ready." 

"Uh, yeah, Princess.  Whatever you say."

Ryoko dutifully sorted clothes.  Ayeka stared at the washing machine.  
It was quiet, for once, between them...and it wasn't good.



"Are you certain you said nothing that may have offended her, 
grandson?" Lord Yosho asked Tenchi.

The Shinto priest sat on a tatami mat behind his short-legged desk in 
the small office he maintained inside the temple.  Tenchi and Tris 
stood before the tiny, battered rosewood desk.  Tris had never been in 
the temple office.  He eyed it with curiosity.  Certainly, Lord Yosho 
had lots of paperwork and files.  Tris wondered how it all got 
generated.  Being a Shinto priest, or any kind of priest, just didn't 
seem to go with forms and red tape.

"I'm certain I didn't, Grandfather," Tenchi affirmed.

Lord Yosho slipped off his glasses a moment and rubbed the bridge of 
his nose.  He suddenly looked a bit tired.  It surprised Tris.

"Yes, her reaction seems strange.  It is a somewhat embarrassing 
situation, but as a Prince of Jurai, I am her social and caste equal, 
as are you, Tenchi.  It should not distress her for me to ask a few 
questions."

"She is very distressed about it, Grandfather.  She really let me 
have it, but good."

"That is odd.  I cannot explain it, Tenchi."  Yosho shook his head.  
"It is unlike the Princess, as you say."

"What should we do, Grandfather?"

"Simply bear with her.  I believe her hurt feelings will moderate if 
we show patience with her and don't press her.  I will postpone 
questioning her until she is in a better humor."

Tenchi smiled slightly.  "Thanks, Grandfather."

Lord Yosho nodded and then looked at Tris.  "Something seems to 
interest you about my humble office, Tristram."

"Yes, sir.  I just can't understand all the files and folders around 
here."

Lord Yosho smiled.  "You were expecting just a few holy scrolls 
laying about, perhaps?"

"Well...yes, sir."

"Tristram, the need to fill out official forms and to satisfy local 
government in all their programs extends to the shrine as well as to 
the community.  The shrine is the local community and must be 
operated in accordance with all laws and regulations that apply.  We 
are not exempt, and such accordance does result in paperwork.  To 
quote a phrase no doubt familiar to you...we must render unto Caesar 
what is Caesar's."

Tris grinned.  "The government has its hands in everything, right 
sir?"

"That is correct, Tristram."

"We've taken up enough of your time, Grandfather," Tenchi said.  
"We'll see you at dinner.  Come on, Tris."

The two young men left the temple office.

As he and Tenchi walked down the temple steps a few minutes later, 
Tris said, "Okay, you hustled me out of there pretty quick.  What's 
up?"

"I could tell Grandfather wasn't happy about Ayeka's attitude.  He 
needs to mull over the situation.  It's better to leave him alone to 
do it, Tris."

"In other words, it's better not to pester him with dumb questions, 
right?"

Tenchi grinned.  "You said it...I didn't!"



"She's being a real Sphinx, huh?" Kiyone asked Ryoko.

"Yeah, a real Sphinx...and it stinks!"

Kiyone and Mihoshi, attired in their short-shorts, squatted on their 
hands and knees on the wooden hallway floor upstairs, trying to rub 
the dull haze of the floor wax into a nice warm glow.  It was hard 
work and caused a few aching muscles.  But the results were worth it.  
They had been stopped in their task by Ryoko's sudden visit with 
them.

After the space pirate had helped Ayeka hang up the washed clothes 
out on the clothesline, the Princess had just walked back into the 
house and the laundry room and put another load of clothes in the 
washing machine.  Not a word did she utter.  So Ryoko, unable to 
stand the sullen silence any more, had zipped out of there.  She had 
then decided to vent a little with Kiyone and Mihoshi.

Mihoshi smiled at Ryoko.  "You made a rhyme, Ryoko."

"Yeah?  Well, here's another one...our Princess is in a snit.  She 
acts like she's full of sh—-"

"Can it, Ryoko!" Kiyone told her, before the space pirate could 
complete her verse.

"Okay, okay.  But she makes me real angry, copping an attitude like 
that.  She really hurt Tenchi, too."  That earned the Princess two 
black marks in Ryoko's book.  It accounted for her unusual venture 
into outhouse poetry.

"Well, that's not like her at all...certainly not hurting Tenchi like 
that.  What did Tenchi say to her?" Kiyone asked.

"I don't know.  It was something about bad dreams.  I didn't hear all 
of it."  Ryoko had certainly tried, though.

Kiyone shook her head.  "That doesn't sound like anything to set Ayeka 
off, especially not with Tenchi."

"Yeah, you're right--and not only with Tenchi.  The Princess kept 
acting super snooty to me, even though I was helping her with the 
laundry.  That's gratitude!"  Ryoko suddenly grinned, remembering 
something about the laundry.  "Hey, Kiyone."

"Hey, what?"

"Tris wears boxer shorts!"  Ryoko laughed.  "Maybe he wears a truss, 
too!"

Oooooohhhh—-!  Kiyone was determined not to let Ryoko get to her.  She 
almost succeeded, but a slight flush did bloom on her high cheekbones.

"So what?  I think boxer shorts look sexy on a man," Mihoshi told 
Ryoko.

"Mihoshi!" Kiyone exclaimed.

"Well, I do."

Kiyone turned to Ryoko.  "So do I.  So drop it."

"Fine," Ryoko grinned.  Her good spirits, as well as her sassiness, 
had obviously returned.  She began to float away.  "I just hope the 
Princess gets over her pout.  She's beginning to remind me of how you 
were, Kiyone, when you first came back here.  What a drip you were!  I 
don't want to have to live through that again!"

Mihoshi looked at Kiyone, her expression anxious.  That comment was 
just the type that would anger her partner.  But Kiyone just smiled 
ruefully.  "I don't blame you, Ryoko. I wouldn't either."

Ryoko winked at her and floated away toward the stairs.

After she had left, Mihoshi asked, "Full of...shame?"  She was still 
pondering the unheard portion of Ryoko's little poem.

"Yeah, that must be it, Mihoshi.  Let's get this more of this floor 
done.  Then we'll go talk to Ayeka and try to find out what's really 
eating her."



Ayeka was finishing with the weekly wash in the laundry room when 
Lord Yosho arrived.

As he walked into the laundry room, Yosho could hear crockery rattling 
in the kitchen.  Sasami had come in from playing with Ryo-Ohki, found 
her older sister less than communicative, had been hurt by it, and 
didn't know any other way of dealing with her hurt than going to the 
kitchen and rattling dishes.  For dish-rattling, it was rather 
eloquent.

"Princess Ayeka?"  Lord Yosho addressed the young woman who was next 
in line for the throne of Jurai.

The Princess turned from the washing machine.  She looked at Lord 
Yosho.  Her face was expressionless.  "Yes, Lord Yosho?"

"May I speak to you for a moment?"

"Of course, Lord Yosho...if you wish."

Lord Yosho moved deeper into the laundry room.  "Princess, I know 
Tenchi came to see you earlier about a certain matter.  He did so 
simply to inform you of my concern about a subject you knew well of."

"Yes, Lord Yosho?"  Tenchi had been right.  Princess Ayeka's cold and 
formal manner was quite atypical.

"I first wish to apologize for causing you any distress, Princess.  It 
was due to my clumsiness and was quite unintentional, I assure you.  
Tenchi was only the innocent bearer of my concerns."

"I understand, Lord Yosho."  Princess Ayeka didn't appear to unbend a 
millimeter, though.

"I did have what I felt were sufficient reasons to broach such a 
sensitive topic with you.  However, they certainly are not sufficient 
to cause any friction between my grandson and yourself...or between 
you and me.  Please allow me to close the matter.  And please do 
accept my apologies."

Lord Yosho still wanted to question Princess Ayeka about her 
recurring nightmares.  He felt their possible link to the invading 
Presence needed to be explored.  But he now realized that in her 
present state of animosity, Ayeka would not cooperate sufficiently to 
give him full information.  In addition, she was the First Princess 
of Jurai.  As a Prince himself, he had a duty to respect her privacy 
and her position.  Any questioning would have to be postponed until 
he felt the Princess could be approached again, hopefully with more 
success.

"Does that mean, Lord Yosho," Ayeka asked, a trifle sharply, "that 
you intend not to interrogate me about that...subject?"

Lord Yosho bowed.  "Yes, Princess.  Again, I offer my sincere 
apologies for distressing you."

When he straightened, he was surprised at the sudden change in 
Princess Ayeka.  It was as if a light had been turned on inside her.  
Her visage had lost its coldness; her smile was sweet and fond, her 
eyes brilliant.  She extended a hand to him.  "Thank you, Lord Yosho.  
You have made me very happy." 

The usually imperturbable Lord Yosho was confounded by the sudden 
one-hundred-eighty-degree turn in the Princess's demeanor and 
attitude.  It seemed unnatural, even mechanical, as if, indeed, a 
switch had been pulled.  But he simply took her hand and murmured 
gallantly, "That is my fondest goal, Princess...your happiness."

Princess Ayeka blushed rosily; with her new radiance, she was 
infinitely lovely as she regarded him.  "You are a true Prince...the 
truest Prince," she murmured.  Then she released his hand.  "Well, I 
must finish this laundry, Lord Yosho.  Then I have some tidying up in 
the living room to do."

"Very well."  He bowed to Princess Ayeka again, and she returned the 
bow.  He left.

Yosho walked away from the laundry room, slowly.  He was fraught with 
thought.   

As he walked past the stairway, he met Kiyone and Mihoshi coming 
down the stairs.  Kiyone took the initiative.  "Lord Yosho?"

"Yes, Detective?"

"Did you just come from talking to Ayeka?"

"Yes, Detective, I did."

"We were going to talk to her.  Is everything...all right now?" Kiyone 
asked a bit hesitantly.

Yosho understood the reason for the Galaxy Police officer's question.  
Kiyone hated to pry but she also didn't want to bring up an issue 
with Princess Ayeka that may possibly have been resolved.  A good 
question, though!  Obviously, the two Galaxy Police officers had 
heard about the Princess's upset.  Yosho considered and said, "I 
believe everything has been cleared up for the moment."

Relief flooded into Kiyone and Mihoshi's faces. 

"I'm glad to hear that."  Kiyone smiled.

"Me too," Mihoshi added.  

"Yes, I am relieved as well.  I'll see you both at dinner."  Lord 
Yosho smiled fleetingly at them and continued toward the front door.



"So it was nothing, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked once Lord Yosho was out of 
earshot.

"I don't know if it was nothing...but I think it's all right now," 
Kiyone said.  "Well, let's get upstairs and give the floor another 
polish, Mihoshi.  We can be done by dinner if we try."

"Yes, Kiyone."  They returned upstairs.



With Princess Ayeka seemingly back in good spirits (rather amazingly 
so to those who had experienced her coldness just a short time prior), 
dinner began as a reasonably happy affair.  The fact that all of the 
beach-goers had performed some labor after the long day previous 
proved beneficial; their biological clocks were back in synch.  As 
well as their appetites for Sasami's wonderful cooking.  Happy that 
her sister had gotten over her aggravation so quickly, Sasami had 
been inspired to serve another culinary delight.

"I'm glad you're still not angry with me," Tenchi remarked to Ayeka, 
who was sitting at his right side as always.  He had just filled her 
bowl with steamed rice and vegetables and handed it to her.  He still 
couldn't believe the change in her that had happened so quickly.  But 
he certainly preferred it.

"Angry with you, Lord Tenchi?"  Ayeka seemed amused as she accepted 
the bowl.  "When was I ever angry with you?"

"Why..."  Tenchi looked at her closely.  "Today.  When we talked while 
you were washing clothes."

"I know we talked about something...it was not important.  I certainly 
was not angry with you, Lord Tenchi."  She smiled at him as if she 
suspected he was teasing her.  She did it so winningly that Tenchi 
could believe that Ayeka sincerely thought their discussion had been 
trivial in nature.  But of course it had been just the opposite.  So 
why was Ayeka denying it?

"Not angry, huh?"  Ryoko, sitting on Tenchi's left side (again as 
always) had caught the tail end of their conversation.  "Well, 
Princess, you just let us know when you really are angry so we can 
run for cover."

"What are you talking about, Ryoko?" Ayeka demanded.

"I'm talking about the way you mean-mouthed Tenchi," Ryoko told her.  
"And you mean-mouthed me, too, but that's nothing new."

"I did not, Ryoko."

"You did, too.  There's witnesses."

"There are not.  Lord Tenchi must have misinterpreted something I 
said.  The fault was mine, I am certain.  And as for you, Ryoko...let 
me warn you that I am proceeding to get angry now."  

"You have me shaking in my boots, Princess," Ryoko grated.

"Hold on," Tenchi said.  It was useless to insist to Ayeka that she 
had been angry with him when she seemed convinced she had not been.  
It was bizarre, but there it was.  "Ayeka, I think you're right.  
Ryoko, please stay out of this."

"All right, sweetums."  Ryoko glared across Tenchi at Ayeka.  Ayeka 
returned the glare.

Tenchi caught his grandfather's eye.  His grandfather gently shook 
his head.  This was something to delve into later.

Farther down the table, Tris, Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi had caught 
the gist of the minor squabble.  Tris looked surprised.  Kiyone and 
Mihoshi looked at each other with puzzlement.  Little Sasami just 
looked small and sad and confused.  The dinner did not continue as 
happily as it had begun.  The only bright spot was that Nobuyuki 
came home in the middle of it and was able to share at least part of 
his meal with his extended family, which pleased his son and father-
in-law particularly.



After dinner, the languid mood hit again.  Watching television was 
the only after-dinner activity that seemed in order.  Tenchi checked 
the listings in the local newspaper and inquired if everyone wanted 
to watch "Bayside Shakedown," which was based on the wildly popular 
"Wangan Police Station" miniseries.  Everyone agreed, especially 
Mihoshi, who loved police shows, and even Ryoko, who didn't.  The 
program turned out to be a mixture of American-type police procedural 
and maniac-on-the-loose suspense, all spiced with a distinct lack of 
respect for authority (which nettled Kiyone and Ayeka just a bit).  
It was vastly entertaining.  Then, the next show led to the next, for 
an evening of TV viewing.

As was the usual de facto seating arrangement, Tenchi sat on one 
couch between Ayeka and Ryoko, who from time to time pressed against 
him and/or held his hand.  Sasami sat next to her older sister.  She 
looked up at Ayeka occasionally.  But Ayeka was just like her normal 
self.  Once when she noticed Sasami regarding her somberly, Ayeka 
smiled fondly and whispered, "What is it, dear?"  Sasami just shook 
her head.  Ayeka stroked her cheek and returned to watching 
television.  Tenchi also gave Ayeka a close inspection.  But she was 
enjoying the shows, laughing quietly, and being quite loving to him.  
He let his concerns about her go for the time being.   

On the other couch, the seating arrangement had changed somewhat, 
with Tris at one end, then Kiyone, then Mihoshi.  Kiyone had talked 
to Mihoshi and that accounted for the change.  Kiyone had curled up 
against Tris, her head resting on his shoulder.  She was warm and 
soft against him, and she breathed slowly and steadily.  Tris 
suspected she had fallen asleep.  Earlier, she had nuzzled his ear 
with his lips and had whispered something affectionate to him.  For 
the umpteenth time, Tris marveled at how soft and sweet Kiyone could 
become when she was around him in a romantic mood.  But she was as 
tough as nails otherwise, especially when duty called.  And she was 
pretty handy with her fists.  It certainly made for a bracing 
relationship...not to mention a bruising one. 

"Tris?"  It was Mihoshi.

"Uh-huh?"

"Kiyone's asleep."

"Yeah, I got that impression."

"Shall we wake her?"

"Not me.  You go right ahead, though."

"Well...maybe I won't." Mihoshi decided.

As it turned out, Kiyone work up just in time to follow everyone else 
to bed.  It had turned out to be a short evening.  It also turned out 
to be the last truly peaceful evening they would have.



"Ayeka!  Ayeka!"

Asleep in her futon hours later, Ryoko stirred angrily.  Why was 
she hearing Ayeka's name?  If she was going to dream, she was going 
to dream about her Tenchi, not the Princess.  If Washuu was using 
that damned Dream Machine again, she'd—-

"Ayeka...oh, Ayeka!"

Ryoko's eyes opened.  It was morning.  And it was little Sasami's 
voice she had heard.  It was still crying out her big sister's name.  
The voice sounded stricken.

Seldom had Ryoko moved so fast.  She all but leaped from her futon 
and hurried to Ayeka and Sasami's futons.  

Ayeka lay on her futon.  Her eyes were closed, her face wan and pale.  
She seemed as if she were still sleeping.  Little Sasami was shaking 
her, anxiously.  Tears streamed down her cheeks.  "Ayeka!  Ayeka--
wake up!"  

"Yeah, Princess!" Ryoko added, alarmed at what she was seeing.  "Open 
your eyes!  Stop fooling around.  You're scaring Sasami."  In fact, 
Ayeka's lack of response was also scaring Ryoko. 

In an instant, Kiyone and Mihoshi were there.  Kiyone read the 
situation swiftly.  "Mihoshi," she murmured, pointing to Sasami.  
Mihoshi nodded.  She swiftly bent down, and wrapped her arms around 
the little girl.  Gently, she disengaged Sasami from her older 
sister, who lay so silent and still.  "Come on, honey," Mihoshi said 
to Sasami.  "Let Kiyone look at Ayeka now."  Sasami buried her head 
in Mihoshi's shoulder, crying.  "Why doesn't she wake up?" Sasami 
asked as she sobbed.  Mihoshi spoke reassuringly to the little girl, 
stroking her hair softly.  

Efficiently, Kiyone checked under Ayeka's eyelids, then her pulse, 
and finally laid a hand on her forehead.  "She's okay, Sasami.  Don't 
worry.  Pulse is a little weak...her body temperature seems a bit 
warm...not too much, though...deep sleep breathing..."  She frowned.  
Normal, more or less.  So why didn't the Princess wake up?  She did 
look awfully pale and spent.

Ryoko watched the tableau, clenching her fists.  She had never felt 
so helpless.  She couldn't have known it, but years ago, another 
super-powerful being—-a King--on a planet thousands of light-years 
distant had felt exactly the same way.

Heavy footsteps sounded outside the door.  Kiyone, taking Ayeka's 
pulse again, hoped Tris wouldn't end up clobbering Nobuyuki a second 
time.

The door slid open.  Nobuyuki, fully dressed for the office, entered, 
followed by Lord Yosho, also fully dressed.  Tenchi and Tris, both in 
their pajamas, spilled in behind them.  They all saw Kiyone examining 
a still and silent Ayeka, while Mihoshi held a sobbing Sasami.  They 
stopped.

Lord Yosho said, his voice betraying his anxiety, "Detective...the 
Princess...?"

"She's alive, Lord Yosho," Kiyone told him.

All the men visibly relaxed, especially Tenchi, who had looked 
overwhelmed.

"She appears to be resistant to waking," Lord Yosho said.  "A 
comatose state?"

"Looks like it."  Kiyone nodded.  "Ryoko—-please get Washuu."

"Right away!"  Ryoko was a blur leaving the bedroom.

"But how...why...?" Tenchi asked.  His face was anxious as he stared 
at the Princess.  His father put his hands on his son's shoulders.  
"We'll get her awake, son," Nobuyuki murmured.

Tris looked at Ayeka with the same feeling of anxiety as everyone 
else.  But something gnawed at him...something about being resistant 
to waking.  He walked up to where Kiyone was still examining Ayeka.  
"Please raise one of her eyelids," he asked Kiyone.

"What?  Tris--listen, just stand back--we don't have time for--"

"Please do as I ask," Tris said.

Kiyone glared at him for a moment.  Then her expression softened.  
She reached down.  Her fingers gently raised one of Ayeka's closed 
eyelids.  Tris bent down.  Yes, there was the reddening around the 
iris, indicative of true sleep.  The eye darted a bit.  It was 
something he had seen clinically a number of times...something he 
recognized well.  This was no coma, he knew.  He knew exactly what it 
was.

"I'm afraid we'll just have to wait," Tris said, staring at Ayeka.  
Cold fury filled him.  

"Wait?" Tenchi asked.  "Wait for what, Tris?"

"Wait for the son of a bitch to let her go," Tris said.

Silently, Lord Yosho nodded.

"Tristram...what's wrong with Ayeka?" Nobuyuki asked.

"She's hypnotized," Tris answered. 

"What?" Tenchi demanded.  "How--you just tell me how, Tris--did 
you--?"  Tenchi paused and collected himself.  "I'm sorry, buddy."

"That's okay.  To answer your question...I have no idea...no idea in 
the world."  Tris looked at Kiyone.  Kiyone looked at him.  They both 
seemed to sense that the answer, whatever it was, would be ugly.

Suddenly Mihoshi, releasing a now-composed Sasami, cried out.

"Look!"  She pointed toward the far wall.

They all looked.  

Every one of the large, heavy wooden wardrobes the women stored 
their clothing in—-the same wardrobes that the women regularly 
struggled with to move aside for cleaning purposes—-every single 
wardrobe—-was upside down.

They all stared at the upended wardrobes with disbelief.  It was if 
some playful giant had overturned them...just for wicked fun.  Every 
one of those wardrobes, filled with clothes and other sundries, 
weighed at least several hundred pounds apiece.

Now, sudden fear rustled around all of them.

"Oh...my...God..." Tris marveled.

"I don't think it was God who did this," Tenchi said.



"I can't say Tris is wrong...and I can't say he's right," Washuu 
said.  "I just don't know that much about that hypnotism stuff.  I'm a 
scientist, not a shrink.  And you know it's been pretty much banned in 
the Union.  But I sure don't have a better answer."

All of them, aside from Nobuyuki, Ayeka, and Sasami, sat at the dining 
room table.  It was a council of war...one of several to come.

Ayeka had finally awakened.  She had been weak and listless, but sweet 
and amiable and wondering what all the fuss was about.  Washuu had 
then arrived with Ryoko and examined the Princess.  She confirmed that 
Ayeka was weak and physically taxed but in no serious jeopardy.  Lord 
Yosho had Ayeka taken to his bedroom, where she would remain for the 
moment.  Both Kiyone and Mihoshi had to help the Princess walk the 
short distance to Lord Yosho's bedroom, with Ryoko hovering anxiously 
behind them.  Ayeka was just that monumentally exhausted.  Sasami had 
followed them.  She was with her older sister now.  With an apology, 
Nobuyuki had left for work.  Practical matters intruded even upon 
impractical events.

"But how?" Tenchi asked.  "She's always been with us.  No one new 
besides Tris has been near her."  He shot an apologetic look at Tris.  
"And we know Tris isn't involved with this.  So then who?  And why?"

"You asked the damndest questions, Tenchi," Washuu admitted.  "And 
I'll be damned if I have any answers...yet."

"Well, get some answers," Ryoko told her.  "Great scientist!  Prove 
it!"

Washuu looked at Ryoko.  She was surprised at the amount of concern 
she saw in the space pirate's face.  She decided mot to take offense.  
"I'll do just that, Ryoko.  Watch me."

"You bet I'll be watching you," Ryoko promised.

"Grandfather?" Tenchi asked, hoping to deflect any possible row 
between Ryoko and Washuu.

"Yes, Tenchi?"

"You were going to ask Ayeka about her recurring nightmares.  Then 
there's that force, or whatever it is.  Do you think...?"

Lord Yosho nodded.  "I'm certain now that they are connected.  The 
entity's target is revealed--it is Princess Ayeka."

"Excuse me, but..."  Mihoshi looked confused.  "Nightmares?  Entity?  
What are you talking about, please?"  Ryoko looked perplexed as well.

"Yes.  I'd like to know that, too."  Kiyone had her arms folded across 
her chest.  Uh-oh, Tris thought.

"Detectives...Ryoko," Lord Yosho said.  "I am sorry that we didn't 
take you fully into our confidence before.  We didn't have any real 
evidence--just an old man's sensations.  Now I will be happy to tell 
you what we know...or, rather, what we suspect."  He then proceeded to 
do so.

"Thank you, Lord Yosho."  Mihoshi seemed satisfied, although a little 
confused, still, when Lord Yosho had finished.

"You all could have told a girl," Ryoko muttered.  She seemed 
irritated at not being in the know earlier, but that was all.

Kiyone was more than irritated.  She was furious.  She felt the old 
anger and uncertainty and insecurity well up in her.

"Yes, Ryoko, you're entirely right.  We should have been told at the 
start!"  Kiyone's voice was low but chocked with anger.  "I'll be 
honest, you all.  I feel left out--and, frankly, pissed off!"

The others regarded the Galaxy Police officer with varying degrees of 
shock.  Kiyone ignored that and looked at the head of the table.

"I'm sorry, Lord Yosho.  But that's how I feel.  You all tell us, 
Mihoshi and me, that we're part of this family.  But when a crisis 
arises, you don't bother to tell us about it.  It's taken a near 
tragedy to get the information from you."  Her face reddened with 
indignation and hurt.  She looked at Tris.  "You tell at least a part 
of it to a near stranger--someone who was supposed to be just a 
visitor.  But you don't tell us.  Damn it!  Don't we rate higher than 
a damned visitor?"

"Kiyone!" Mihoshi cried.

"Hey, don't go off the beam, Kiyone," Ryoko told her.  "It's not that 
big a deal, you know?"

Washuu looked grim.  Ryoko was wrong, she knew.  It was a big deal.  
Kiyone had always felt like something of an intruder amongst the 
Masaki clan--and now it was coming out.

Tenchi just stared at Kiyone, speechless at her outburst.  Lord Yosho 
sat quietly, but he even looked a bit startled himself...and contrite 
as well.

Tris stood up.  His face was filled with chagrin and dismay.  
Obviously, he had been wrong about nearly everyone's feelings about 
him--especially Kiyone's—-and that cut deep.  Too deep.

"Okay, that's it.  I'm out of here," he announced.

"Com'on, Tris.  You don't mean that," Tenchi said.  

"I do mean it, Tenchi.  Look, you're all very nice.  I appreciate it.  
But you really don't want me here now and you sure don't need me here 
now.  When someone whom I thought...well, anyway, calls me a near 
stranger...that's probably how you all feel.  I won't stay here and 
make things worse.  It looks like you all have one hell of a problem 
on your hands and you don't need to be sidetracked.  I'll just get my 
things and go.  Tenchi, thanks for the hospitality and my thanks to 
you, especially, Lord Yosho.  Please give your father my regards, 
Tenchi, and Sasami and Ayeka, too.  I hope Ayeka feels better soon.  
See you back at school, Tenchi.  So long."

Tris turned on his heel and left the dining room, quickly.

"Kiyone!"  Mihoshi stared wide-eyed at her partner.  Her eyes began 
to spill tears.  "How could you say that?"     

"Kiyone...not smart...not smart," Washuu said.

"What's gotten into you anyway, girl?" Ryoko asked.  

Kiyone slowly rose from the table.  She looked ashen.  She realized 
what she had said and what she had done.  She had lost her temper 
again and at the worse possible time.  And now Tris was leaving 
because of her.  Her face flamed with remorse and embarrassment.

"Of all the damned fool things I've ever said...Lord Yosho, I am so 
sorry.  I had no business speaking to you in that manner.  I'm so 
worried about Ayeka and what it all might mean.  I was just angry and 
hurt that you seemed not to trust me with vital information."

"I was remiss, Detective," Lord Yosho said softly.  "I admit that." 

He understood Kiyone perfectly.  Kiyone and Ayeka shared a 
particularly strong friendship.  It had formed over time between two 
very capable and competent women who both had the honor of great 
responsibilities and duties.  Both also had a great respect for 
authority and for doing things properly.  The attack on Ayeka had 
shaken Kiyone to the ground.  Finding out she had not been in on 
their preliminary discussions of his sensings of the intruder had 
smacked of a lack of trust.  Lord Yosho knew he had blundered by 
playing things so close to his chest, to borrow Professor Washuu's 
phrase.

"You and Mihoshi are police officers," Yosho continued.  "I wanted at 
least one solid fact to present to you.  I was wrong not to have 
included you both in the beginning.  You both are very important to 
us and you both are a dear part of our family...Kiyone."  For once, 
Yosho did not use her official title.  That deliberate lack of 
formality spoke volumes.

The teal-haired Galaxy Police officer was greatly moved.  Her lower 
lip trembled a moment before she regained control of herself.

"Thank you, Lord Yosho."  She bowed to him.

Lord Yosho rose and returned her bow.

The atmosphere in the dining room seemed to lighten suddenly.  Tense 
postures relaxed and even a few smiles blossomed.  Mihoshi still shed 
tears, but did so quietly.

"Well, glad that's settled," Washuu grumped.  "Now will someone go get 
that cute guy back?  I need him--we need him--believe it or not."

"Yes, we do," Lord Yosho confirmed.

"I need him most of all," Kiyone admitted.  "That is...I want him to 
stay most of all.  Oh, stop crying, Mihoshi--he's not going anywhere.  
I'll fix his wagon, the big stiff!"

She quickly left the room.  She was wiping her eyes as she did.  

Washuu suddenly laughed.  "God, I love that guy!  Never a boring day, 
no sir, not with him around!"

"That's what I say.  Did you see Kiyone's face when he walked out?" 
Ryoko added.  "You can bet he's not going anywhere!"

Tenchi smiled, relieved.  "That's for sure.  He's staying no matter 
what he says.  Grandfather, do you think we ought to...?"

"Kiyone will bring him back," Lord Yosho said with a smile.  "I trust, 
in one piece!" 

"We'll see about that, Lord Yosho."  Ryoko grinned.  "The one-piece 
part, I mean.  Mihoshi, stop with the waterworks, will you?"

"Okay."  Mihoshi smiled now, tearfully.  She was vastly relieved that 
Tris would be staying and that the angry feelings were gone.

"Well, then.  With Sasami now caring for her older sister, I believe 
I will endeavor to make some tea.  Possibly some rice cakes will also 
not go amiss.  After all, none of us has had breakfast yet.  What do 
you say, Mihoshi?"  Lord Yosho smiled.

"I say...yay," Mihoshi replied softly, rubbing her eyes.

"Very well said, Detective."  Lord Yosho rose and left for the 
kitchen.

"This has been one hell of a morning!" Washuu commented.  "I wonder 
if--" 

She stopped as she and the others heard the sound of Tenchi's bedroom 
door sliding open.  Footsteps.  Then the front door could he heard 
sliding open and then sliding closed.

"Tris is in a rush!  Kiyone better hurry," Washuu observed.

"To heck with all that.  I'm going to go talk to him."  Tenchi rose.

"Sit down, sweetums."  Ryoko smiled at Tenchi.

"Huh?"

"Let Kiyone handle it," Ryoko told him.  "She will."

"Well..."  But Tenchi sat down.

Then, from outside, they heard the sound of a car engine's starter 
grind...and grind...and grind.

"What's wrong with Tris's car?" Tenchi wondered.  "It ran fine just 
the other day."

Washuu suddenly began to laugh.  Then Ryoko laughed.  And then Mihoshi 
laughed, too.

Tenchi looked confused.

There were more grinding sounds from the car's ignition outside.  Then 
they heard a loud curse in an unmistakable male voice.

"Such language!" Ryoko said with a grin.

Suddenly Tenchi grinned, too.  All was clear now to him.

A metallic popping was heard next.  It was the sound of the front 
hood of Tris's classic old car being raised.  A few minutes later, 
another curse rent the air outside.

"Someone needs their mouth washed out with soap," Ryoko noted.

Then they heard a triumphant laugh.  It came from Kiyone.  No doubt 
about it.

"Where the hell's my distributor cap?" they heard Tris yell.

"I've got it, darling," they heard Kiyone reply.  "See?"

"Give it back!"

"Won't!"

"You'd better!"

"Says who?"

"Says me!"

Kiyone's hooting laugh was eloquent.

"Give it back, Kiyone Makibi, or I'll-—"

"You'll do what?"

"Come here—-and I'll show you—-"

There was another laugh, one of pure delight, from Kiyone.  "You'll 
have to catch me first—-!"

Sounds of running.  Then...sounds of silence.

Now Lord Yosho appeared in the dining room with a tray of teacups, a 
steaming teapot, and a plate of rice cakes.  He set the tray down on 
the table.  He hesitated.  "I wonder if I should have brought cups 
for Kiyone and Tristram."  He smiled,slightly.

"Uh-uh," Ryoko said.  "They're going to be gone a little while, I 
think."



"I wish I could make you feel better, Ayeka," Sasami said to her big 
sister.

They were both upstairs in Lord Yosho's bedroom.  Ayeka was reclining 
beneath the covers on the bed, her head propped up with pillows, while 
Sasami stood alongside.

Ayeka smiled at her little sister.  She looked stronger now.  "Do not 
fuss so much over me, dear.  I am quite all right now...just a little 
tired."

"I know.  But please don't go to sleep!"

"I shall not, I promise.  I will just rest."  She smiled.  "It is nice 
to know my little sister loves me so much."

Sasami began to cry again.

"Oh, dear...come here..."

Sniffling, Sasami complied.  Ayeka held her little sister closely, 
stroking her hair.  

Then both of them heard shouts and odd noises from outside.

"What is that?" Ayeka asked, releasing Sasami.

Sasami dried her eyes with her fingers.  She walked to the window.  
"Oh, gosh!" she said, peering out.

"What is it, Sasami?"

Her little sister gave the play-by-play: "It's Kiyone!  And Tris!  
Kiyone's got something in her hand...she's waving it.  Oohhhh, Tris 
looks awful mad!  Golly...I think...I think Kiyone just stuck her 
tongue out at him!"

"What?"  Ayeka sat up on the bed.  Her eyes danced with excitement.  
"She didn't!  Our Kiyone?"

"She sure did!" Sasami marveled.  

"Good heavens!"

"Now..." Sasami reported, "Kiyone just said something to Tris.  Now 
she's running!  He's running, too!  He's running after her, Ayeka!"

"I do not believe it!" Ayeka proclaimed.

"They're out of sight now..."  Sasami sounded disappointed.  She 
walked back to Ayeka from the window.

"Those two...oh, dear heavens!"  Ayeka laughed heartily.  Sasami 
smiled.  She thought it was a wonderful thing to hear.

Finally, Ayeka subsided.  "Sasami, dear, do you think you might fix 
some of your wonderful tea and perhaps something to eat?  I am 
absolutely starving."

"Oh, yes, Ayeka!  Right away!"  Sasami happily departed Lord Yosho's 
bedroom.



"So do you forgive me, idiot?" Kiyone demanded.

Somehow, Tris was prone on the dirt by the edge of the wooded area 
and Kiyone was on top of him, holding him down.  She had stopped 
suddenly in the midst of their footrace, he had made a grab for the 
distributor cap, and the next thing he knew he was flying in the air.  
Now Kiyone was straddling him.  She looked down at him with those 
beautiful blue eyes, her long dark teal hair ticking his face.  She 
had already kissed him a couple of times.  Didn't read him his rights 
or anything.

"No!" he said.

She smiled and bent down.  She kissed him, lingeringly.

"Listen, I just renewed my membership in the He-Man Woman Hater's 
Club," Tris told her when she rose from him.  "And if you think—-"

She kissed him again.  She slowly broke the kiss.  She kissed his 
nose.  She absolutely loved that stupid nose of his.

"If you think that stuff will work," he said with much less 
conviction, "you'll find out—-"

Another kiss...a really long one.

When they broke, Tris looked up at her.  "What were we arguing about 
again?"

Kiyone smiled.  "No argument.  I said a really stupid thing.  Then you 
said a really stupid thing.  That's the gist, anyway."

"So, we're both stupid.  Now what?"

"We want each other," she said.  "And they need us.  That's it, in 
one-syllable words.  Now have you got it?"

"Okay...I got it."

She slipped off him.  They both rose.  They were a mess, both of them.  
Tris especially.

"You know, I'm really looking forward to marching back in there, 
looking like what the cabbit dragged in," Tris groused.

"I think they'll be happy to see us...no matter how we look," Kiyone 
told him.

"Yeah, those Masakis do seem to have a soft spot for strays."

"Speak for yourself, you goofball."

"I was."  He began to slap loose dirt from his slacks.  "I could be a 
damned seed bed for sweet potatoes," he muttered.

"You're my sweet potato..."  Kiyone suddenly embraced him and kissed 
him, fiercely.  "You better not walk out on me again," she whispered.  
"You'd just better not."

"Yes, Officer."

"You know, goofy, you have a bad habit of running out when things get 
a little sticky.  You need to cut that out.  You know?"

Tris nodded ruefully.  "I know.  You're right."

"Okay, then."  Kiyone took his hand.  Her other hand still held the 
distributor cap.

"Hey, I'd like the rest of my ignition back," Tris said.

"No.  First we need to talk with the others and work up a plan of 
action.  Then I'll give this back to you.  Can't have you running off 
again."

"Okay...as long as I get my car back together eventually.  I might 
need it sometime, you know."



A little while later, with the air considerably cleared, a belated 
breakfast having been prepared and eaten, and Kiyone and Tris cleaned 
up somewhat, the discussion continued around the dining room table.  
Sasami still attended to Ayeka in Lord Yosho's bedroom.

"I took the opportunity, while we had our break," Lord Yosho was 
saying, "to talk to Princess Ayeka and Sasami.  They were able to 
recall the instances of the nightmares.  Their dates tally exactly 
with the times I sensed the intruder.  And I did very briefly sense 
it last night.  I think there can be no doubt now."

"No doubt maybe, Lord Yosho, but no answers, either," Ryoko said 
glumly.

"Well, we know something, Ryoko," Kiyone said.  "We know a force is 
being directed against us.  We know whom it's targeting.  That's a 
start."

"I suppose so," Ryoko muttered.

"We also know it's that...hypnotism stuff," Mihoshi added.

"But if it is some sort of mesmerism," Tris pointed out, "it's a form 
I've never heard of.  In the movies, you see some mesmerist make a few 
hand motions and then the hypnotized subject enters the room.  That's 
just the movies.  It's bogus.  It doesn't work that way.  You can't 
control a subject from long distance unless you can at least talk to 
them directly, like through the telephone."

"I wonder..." Tenchi said.  He looked at Washuu.  "That Dream Machine 
thing you made.  It worked from long distance, sort of."

"Yeah, Washuu--what about that?"  Ryoko still got steamed up when 
she was reminded of that dream-enhancing fiasco.

"Hmmmm.  That's a point, Tenchi," Washuu admitted.  "I was thinking 
along those lines myself."

"So, this person is probably using a similar machine?" Tenchi asked.

"Oh, no.  No way."  Washuu was adamant.

"Huh?  Why not?" Ryoko demanded.

"All my invention did was scan for the brain waves that it already 
had identifying examples of, redirect them to a program that was 
supposed to modulate them to nice, even patterns to ensure you all 
had nice dreams, and then send them back to you to enjoy."

"Enjoy!  Hah!  All we got was Sasami's dream!" Ryoko gritted.

"Okay, the program messed up.  The point is, it just redirected a 
dream that already existed.  It didn't issue any commands or try to 
control your thoughts or control you.  It couldn't.  It was just a 
machine."

"I see," Tenchi said.  "Just a computer following its programming." 

"That's it, Tenchi."  Washuu nodded.  "In this case, someone is 
projecting their will from long distance.  Extreme long distance.  We 
know, at least, its not coming from this planet.  That's way beyond 
what I was trying to do, of course, or could do, I have to admit."  
Washuu folded her hands.  "It has me stumped...for the moment."

"Couldn't they...couldn't they use some machine to project their mind 
waves a real long distance?"  Mihoshi asked hesitantly.  A few of the 
others looked at her with some surprise.  Kiyone smiled at her.

Washuu nodded again.  "That's an idea, Mihoshi.  But whatever machine 
they may be using, remember I couldn't pick it's transmissions up on 
my scans and probes.  My firewall covers every known transmission 
medium and it detected nothing.  So the carrier is brand new to me and 
that's astounding...really."  Washuu lacked her full compliment of 
humility, perhaps, but what she said was true.  A transmission medium 
or carrier unknown to her seemed all but unthinkable.

"Oh," Mihoshi said.  "I guess I understand."

"Could it be just plain old brain waves from someone else getting into 
the Princess's skull?" Ryoko asked.

"From across the ether?"  Washuu asked.  "No way.  The brain waves 
would need some powerful means to transmit them and a carrier medium 
to direct them to the target.  I told you that. Pay attention, will 
you, Ryoko?"

Ryoko just yawned.  Pointedly.

Tris stirred.  He had been thinking about what he had learned about 
hypnotism in his college classes and labs.  Several points struck him.  
Kiyone, sitting very close to him and watching him from the corner of 
her eye, now prodded his kidney with an elbow.  "Speak up, you."

"Yes, Tristram.  Don't be afraid to contribute," Lord Yosho told him.  
Tenchi nodded at him encouragingly.

"You're kind of our resident expert on that hypnotism stuff," Washuu 
admitted.  "At least until I get up to speed on it."

"Then we're all in trouble," Tris said wryly.  "You remember what 
happened the last time I played around with it."

"We know," Washuu said.  "You're no expert.  But you've studied it 
under experts and that information is what we need."

"Okay...here's something, then.  If this is a form of hypnosis, it 
would explain the Princess's behavior yesterday.  I mean, the way she 
acted so defensive when asked about the dreams.  If whoever 
hypnotized her originally instructed her to resist questioning about 
her dreams, she would do so.  She would even act out of character to 
obey.  It's called a post-hypnotic suggestion.  Actually, that's a 
misnomer.  It's really a command."  

"If that's true, Tris," Tenchi said, "she sure seems willing to talk 
about it now."

"The spell's been broken, in a way.  She's seen how significant her 
dreams may be now.  That may be helping her resist the suggestion 
enough to answer questions.  The post-hypnotic suggestion isn't all-
powerful.  That's my understanding about it, anyway.  After all, if 
I'm right, Ayeka did manage to fight it off enough to apologize to 
you and me about letting Sasami take the rap for the screaming, even 
though she didn't go into any details about the dreams at the time.  
Of course, that doesn't mean this creep's lost his hold on her."

"That sounds quite reasonable," Lord Yosho remarked.  "I think that 
does explain what happened yesterday with the Princess and also her 
willingness to let Sasami lie for her, which is not in her nature at 
all.  That's a good point also about the Princess still being in the 
thrall of our enemy, Tristram...we must not forget that.  In fact, 
our enemy may well be allowing Princess Ayeka to answer our questions 
now."

"But why would he allow that, Grandfather?" Tenchi asked.  "That 
doesn't make sense."  

"I don't know, Tenchi," Lord Yosho admitted.  "It could be our enemy 
simply wants to toy with us."

"Yeah, maybe, Lord Yosho," Ryoko said.  "But I want to get back to 
these brain waves or transmissions or whatever.  Washuu...why can't 
you use your Dream Machine and scan for outside brain waves, even if 
they are in some sort of carrier thingy, and invent something to 
block them?"

"You forget that I had already obtained sample brain wave pattern 
scans of all of you before I set up the machine," Washuu replied.  "It 
scanned for your individual brain wave patterns first and then 
redirected them.  I don't have a identifying brain wave pattern of 
whoever we're dealing with, you know."

"I know that!  Why not just block all brain waves coming in except 
ours?"  Ryoko was insistent, and she had now made an excellent point.

"I already plan to do just that," Washuu said.  "I need to do some 
more research into it, build a prototype, test it...all that takes 
time, even for me, Ryoko."

"Yes, you must have time to develop a counter-measure, Professor 
Washuu," Lord Yosho agreed.  "And simply blocking these intrusions is 
not sufficient in itself.  We must also discover whom this enemy is 
and carry the battle to him and defeat him.  Otherwise, we will always 
remain in peril."

"That's right, Grandfather," Tenchi agreed.  "If we only go on the 
defensive, we've lost before we've started."  

"I agree with that, Tenchi.  But how do we go after this creep?" 
Ryoko asked.

"Knowledge is power, Ryoko.  What we need is more information," Lord 
Yosho told her. 

Washuu grinned.  "I'm with you, Grandpa!"

Lord Yosho turned to her.  "Professor Washuu, I suggest the best use 
of your invaluable time would be to research the events surrounding 
Princess Ayeka's life during the period of her first series of 
nightmares, since they are doubtless the forerunner of what we face 
now.  Any event out of the ordinary might be of the greatest 
significance.  We must discover whom our enemy is."

Washuu nodded.  She knew this was the best course.  "I'll scour GP 
records, royal Jurai household records, and data from the Royal 
Science Academy.  I'll get the dirt on this dirtbag, all right.  And 
I'll also work on a way to detect and block whatever's intruding on 
Ayeka's mind." 

"Washuu," Tris said, "here's one idea.  Maybe this creep has some 
unknown way to control Ayeka hypnotically from long distance.  But 
if this is hypnotism, even an advanced form, there's one thing for 
certain.  The first hypnotic induction could not have been from long 
distance.  It had to be face-to-face."

"That's right!" Tenchi exclaimed.  "So it had to be someone Ayeka had 
personal contact with as a child, yet someone not in her immediate 
circle of family and retainers.  That should help narrow things down."  

"It sure will," Kiyone affirmed.  She slipped her hand in Tris's hand 
beneath the table, and gave his hand a firm squeeze.

"Give that boy a cigar," Washuu said.  "In fact, make it a box of H. 
Upmanns."  The great scientist again displayed her amazing range of 
knowledge--knowledge that apparently even included Earth cigar brands.

"Thanks, Washuu, but I smoke Cohibas when I can get 'em." Tris said.

Kiyone's lips found his ear.  "You smoke cigars?"

"Let's talk about it later," Tris muttered

"We sure will, buster," Kiyone promised.

"At the same time, a thorough questioning of Princess Ayeka about that 
period in her life is equally in order," Lord Yosho suggested.

Kiyone nodded.  "We will handle that, Lord Yosho, Mihoshi and I.  As 
police officers, we're trained in practical interrogation.  Besides, 
we need to start treating this as a regular police case, since it 
involves an assault on a member of the Jurai royal family."

"That's right," Mihoshi affirmed.  "We have a case now."  

"I don't know if the Princess is really up to being grilled yet," 
Ryoko objected.  "Especially by you two."

For a moment, the others appeared seemed nonplussed by Ryoko's 
protective attitude toward her long-time rival for Tenchi's 
affections.  Kiyone looked at Ryoko with surprise and Mihoshi's 
mouth opened as if to object, then closed.

"I don't mean a formal, intense interrogation, Ryoko," Kiyone 
explained.  "It will be just a questioning session.  I only meant 
that, as police officers, we are trained and experienced in covering 
all the bases when we ask questions.  And again, all this will have 
to be put in a report for the GP.  Of course, certain names need not 
be mentioned."

Ryoko looked unconvinced.

"Ryoko, why don't you go with Kiyone and Mihoshi when they talk to 
Ayeka?" Tenchi suggested.

Ryoko relaxed her stance a mite.  "Okay, sweetums, good idea.  I'll 
do just that."

"Fine with me," Kiyone said.  Mihoshi nodded.

"Kiyone," Washuu said.  "if you could give me access to the GP records 
stored in your ship, it'll save me some time hacking through GP 
security."

Kiyone nodded.  It was against regulations, of course, but this was 
an emergency.  "I'll give you the access codes when we leave to 
interrogate—-to talk to—-Ayeka."

"Good enough."

"Tenchi, you and Tristram can be most helpful righting those 
overturned wardrobes while the women are busy," Lord Yosho said.

Tenchi and Tris looked at each other.  They groaned in unison.

"The hard labor for the guys," Tris muttered.  "Typical."

"Lord Yosho's just making sure we all serve where we're best suited," 
Kiyone told him.  She ruffled his hair.  "For you—-manual labor."

"Hey--speaking of the wardrobes—-and I'll personally fry whoever's 
behind this if my clothes are ruined—-I have a question before we all 
scatter," Ryoko said.

"Yes, Ryoko?" Lord Yosho responded 

"Why did this bastard strike now?  And why in such a goofy way--
having our wardrobes overturned like that?"

Lord Yosho thought a moment.  "To answer your first question, this 
intruder must be able to read Princess Ayeka's mind to control it.  
Thus, it was made aware of my intent to question the Princess about 
her bad dreams.  The intruder no doubt concluded that the game was up, 
as far as its covert nature was concerned.  That is perhaps why he may 
be allowing Princess Ayeka to answer our questions now.  As for your 
second question...I believe it is a warning, a mocking sort of 
warning, to us.  The intruder committed that prank last night while 
you ladies all slept in the same room.  We all found it a bit 
unnerving, which is doubtless what our enemy intended.  It also shows 
our enemy is confident of victory.  Perhaps too confident.  To 
describe his attitude, I would use that useful Greek word: hubris."

"You're right, Lord Yosho," Kiyone said.  "It was a little unnerving, 
now that I think about it."

"I think it was real scary."  Mihoshi shivered.

"Yeah...even I'm a little creeped out by it," Ryoko admitted.

"I'm glad I sleep in my lab," Washuu added.

"So our enemy did succeed in that respect," Lord Yosho concluded. 

"Sir," Tris said.  "There is one more useful Greek word I can think 
of—-nemesis."

"Very good, Tristram.  That is exactly what we must become to this 
enemy...its final and unremitting nemesis."



Later that morning, the group had dispersed so that each of them could 
attend to their given tasks.  Washuu was back in her lab, huddled over 
her own hacking and cracking modules (which would have made Munt and 
Ginkar green with envy).  Tenchi and Tris struggled to right the heavy 
wardrobes in the women's bedroom.  Lord Yosho attended to shrine 
affairs.  And Kiyone and Mihoshi interrogated—-that is, questioned—-
Ayeka while she lay abed in Lord Yosho's bedroom, with Ryoko and 
Sasami attending.

The faithful reader may find the following foolscap copy of the raw, 
unedited transcript of that questioning to be of some interest (taken 
from Galaxy Police Archive Files, Case Number YH #908876):

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY / NO MEDIA
CLOSE HOLD--PHYSER ACCESS REQUIRED

(Transcript of interrogation of Princess AYEKA JURAI, First Princess, 
Jurai Royal Family, Jurai, by Detectives First Class KIYONE MAKIBI 
(Badge #334400) and MIHOSHI KURAMITSU (Badge #333327), assigned to 
Earth Sector, Region Brysis, Division Zeta.  Princess SASAMI JURAI, 
sister of the subject, also present, as well as an unidentified 
spectator.  Case Number:  YH #908876.  Date: 300-89-7655 GCD.*  
Location: Earth.  Note: This transcript is unedited.)

*Indicates Galactic Calendar Date.

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  You are Princess Ayeka Jurai, first in line to the 
throne of Jurai, is that correct?

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Of course, Kiyone; you know I am.

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  Please refer to me as Detective Makibi for now, 
Princess Ayeka.

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Oh, very well, Detective Makibi...but it does seem 
silly (laughs).

DETECTIVE KURAMITSU:  (laughs).

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  Mihoshi!  I mean--Detective Kuramitsu!

DETECTIVE KURAMITSU:  I'm sorry.

UNIDENTIFIED:  This is some interrogation.

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  Princess Ayeka, can you describe to us an alleged 
series of bad dreams you have intermittently experienced in your 
lifetime?

PRINCESS AYEKA:  I shall be glad to.  But they are not alleged!  When 
I was Sasami's age, I began to have some very terrible dreams night 
after night—-

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  Pardon, but will you specify how long ago that 
was?

PRINCESS AYEKA:  I will not!  The idea!

UNIDENTIFIED:  Your age has caught up with you, Princess (laughs).

PRINCESS AYEKA:  My age is none of your business!

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  All right.  We will pass that point by.  Please 
continue, Princess Ayeka.

PRINCESS AYEKA:  As I was saying—-

DETECTIVE KURAMITSU:  I don't think you look very old at all, Ayeka.  
Do you, Sasami?

PRINCESS SASAMI:  No, not very old at all (giggles).

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Sasami!  Really!

UNIDENTIFIED:  Come on, Princess, tell us your real age.  We won't 
tell Tenchi, we promise.

PRINCESS AYEKA:  If I have to rise from this bed, someone's age shall 
be cut very short—-

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  Enough!  Please!  Let's forge ahead.

PRINCESS AYEKA:  (sighs)  Very well.  I had these bad dreams as a 
young girl, as I have said...about a dozen times already...

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  We appreciate that, Princess Ayeka.  Please go on.

PRINCESS AYEKA:  The dreams lasted for a short while and then stopped.  
They did not re-appear until quite recently.

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  Please describe the dreams, Princess Ayeka.

PRINCESS AYEKA:  They were all the same...dreadful dreams of a 
horrible one-eyed thing trying to devour me.

UNIDENTIFIED:  Heartburn City!

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Does this person really have to be present?

UNIDENTIFIED:  Oh, you'll need dynamite to get me to leave now.

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Sasami...please get the dynamite!

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  Please, Princess Ayeka.  Now, this is a very 
important question.  Outside of your immediate circle, did you meet or 
interact with anyone new during the time the first series of bad 
dreams occurred?

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Well, let me think.  No, not really.  I stayed with 
my own set in those days.  I did met some new children at the school 
we had then, of course.

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  School?

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Perhaps that is the wrong word for it.  It was more 
of a seminar for children of my caste to learn their proper roles in 
life, to learn to adjust to them.  We were taught deportment, 
manners...

UNIDENTIFIED:  Being stuck-up...

PRINCESS AYEKA:  It would not have hurt a certain person to have had a 
little of that training.

UNIDENTIFIED:  A certain person had more important things to do, even 
then.

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Yes, one can just imagine!

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  So, Princess Ayeka, this was a sort of finishing 
school for upper-caste youngsters?

PRINCESS AYEKA:  Considering our ages, perhaps the term "beginning 
school" would be more apropos.  

UNIDENTIFIED:  Perhaps even the term "snob school"?

PRINCESS AYEKA:  I am going to get up now and--!

DETECTIVE KURAMITSU:  She's doing it, Kiyone!

PRINCESS SASAMI:  Please lay back down, Ayeka!

DETECTIVE MAKIBI:  Yes, please!  Thank you, Princess Ayeka.  Now, this 
school you mentioned...what was it called?   

PRINCESS AYEKA:  It was called the Lyceum.  A distinguished academic, 
Professor Tchaka Klove, was the head of it, as I recall.  Poor man.  
He suffered a breakdown, I believe it was, and the institution was 
forced to close.

UNIDENTIFIED:  No more snob school for you little stuck-ups?  What a 
shame!



"...and that was really the only regular outside contact the Princess 
had during the time of the first round of nightmares," Kiyone 
concluded.  She was making her report on the interrogation to the 
others during lunch.  Sasami had just left to carry a lunch tray up to 
Ayeka.

"The Lyceum?  I believe I may have heard it mentioned.  A progressive 
educational institution for children of the rich and powerful of Jurai 
and other planets," Lord Yosho mused.  "It lasted only a short while, 
I believe.  Some sort of scandal...it was not discussed.  I was away 
with Kagato during that time, I am certain."

"I don't have any recollections of that Lyceum place, of course," 
Washuu said.  "I wasn't exactly hanging around the inner circle of 
the upper crust back then.  More like buried in the Earth's crust for 
hundreds of years!"  Washuu grimaced as she thought of all those 
centuries wasted.  Then she returned to the matter at hand.  "But that 
name, Professor Tchaka Klove, oh, that rings a bell...a hell of a 
bell!"

"How so, Washuu?" asked Tenchi.

"I hate to bring up the topic again of my little dream experiment," 
Washuu said dryly, glancing at Ryoko.  "It's a source of personal 
pain for me to know at least one sensitive soul was traumatized so 
much by my heinous invention..."

"Can it, Washuu!" Ryoko gritted.

"Oh?"  Washuu smiled.  "So you've forgiven me entirely, then?  Darned 
decent of you, Ryoko."  Washuu now turned toward the others.  "Anyway, 
when I was doing research to complete the dream experiment, I relied 
heavily on clinical findings on the effect of brain wave patterns on 
dreams contained in a report written by a researcher.  The report was 
moth-balled in an old Royal Science Academy databank that those fools 
have probably long forgotten about.  The author of the report was--"  
Washuu paused for dramatic effect "--a certain Professor Tchaka 
Klove."

No one spoke for a moment as they all digested that very interesting 
tidbit along with their midday meal.

Tris broke the silence.  "Now that," he remarked, "is one hell of a 
thundering coincidence."

"Ain't it, though?" Washuu agreed.

"Very significant," Lord Yosho said.  "Of course, it is certainly no 
coincidence.  Are you acquainted with this Professor Klove, Professor 
Washuu?"

"Nope.  He's after my time at the Academy."

Tenchi said, "I think you've nailed the guy, Kiyone, Washuu."  He 
stood up.  "Excuse me...I'll be right back."  He left.  Ryoko looked 
after him, surprised.

"Where's he going?" she wondered aloud.

"To the bathroom, I'll bet," Mihoshi told her.  "You know how boys—-" 

"Mihoshi," Kiyone said heavily.  "You don't have to answer every 
question...okay?"

"Well, okay."  But Mihoshi looked as though she didn't understand why 
not.

Washuu said, "Lord Yosho, Tenchi is right.  We have our man...or, I 
should say we have our scumbag!"

Lord Yosho's eyebrows raised.  Professor Washuu had made that last 
remark with rare anger.

"Have your researches yielded fruit also, Professor Washuu?" he asked.

"Yeah...rotten fruit."  Definitely, Washuu was incensed about 
something.  "I had almost no luck with the Jurai royal family records.  
I hacked pretty deeply into them.  If there is any mention of Ayeka's 
dreams—-and this Lyceum place—-it's buried in some repository that 
isn't even on-line, a closed system."

Lord Yosho nodded.  "Yes, any scandal would be so hidden.  There would 
be no outside access provided...none at all."

"The Royal Science Academy had no records either on this Klove 
character, aside from that old paper of his I found, but he must have 
studied there.  I suspect the files were excised after the scandal.  
That's how those fools would operate," Washuu continued.  "I searched 
the GP files through Kiyone's access to her ship's on-board database.  
That's where I gathered some details about that school scandal. They 
were sketchy, but there was enough!  The GP records reported the 
Lyceum was raided and closed down and the head of it—-this Professor 
Klove again—-was arrested and taken into custody.  The offense the GP 
charged him with was a number...it was seven-aught-seventeen."    

Kiyone's eyes widened.  Mihoshi turned pale.  "No...oh, no!" she 
cried.

"What is it?" Ryoko demanded.  

"A seven-aught-seventeen," Kiyone said flatly, "is abuse of children."

"Scumbag is right!"  Tris was enraged.

Ryoko snarled, "That's too damned nice a word!"

Lord Yosho's own visage was grim. 

Washuu said, "Let me add, it wasn't what you all might be thinking.  
This creep was charged with conducting unauthorized mental experiments 
with the children at that Lyceum place.  Nothing else was mentioned."

"Thank God for that!" Kiyone said with deep gratitude.  She briefly 
patted Mihoshi's shoulder.  Her partner looked close to tears.  Such 
charges—-and such people—-devastated Mihoshi.  Kiyone was not unmoved 
herself.

"Yes, there is that much to be thankful for.  But experimenting with 
helpless children--that is infamous!"  Lord Yosho himself displayed a 
rare anger.

"That really ties things together, though," Washuu added.  "It's a 
safe bet to assume the experiments involved hypnotism.  Probably some 
sort of dream experiments were performed on the children.  The 
experiments, I'll bet anything on this, led to the children--including 
poor Ayeka—-having those nightmares."

"A scandal indeed!" Lord Yosho said.  "One so terrible that it was not 
even mentioned to those not directly involved, including myself.  And 
I can imagine the King's rage.  Strong action would be taken, and 
quickly, by the authorities.  That would account, for example, for the 
ban on the general use of hypnotism in the Galactic Union you have 
mentioned."(1) 

Washuu and Kiyone nodded their agreement.

"And I think we certainly have our motive for the intrusions on Ayeka 
and last night's incident--revenge against the Jurai royal family who 
were behind the raid on that professor's dirty little operation and 
him being arrested," Kiyone added.

"Those are likely assumptions, I'd say," Washuu said.  "But they're 
mostly just that...assumptions." 

"Why, Washuu?" Ryoko asked.  "It all sounds spot-on to me."

"Because the information contained in the GP files I accessed through 
Yogami were just what I said--sketchy," Washuu explained.  "For 
example, there's no information on whether Klove's been released or if 
he escaped from prison, or whatever.  That's not available from 
Yogami's databanks.  References to detailed records about the Klove 
case mentioned that those records were "close-hold."  Does that mean 
what I think it means, Kiyone?"

Kiyone nodded.  "Yes, it means the records are extremely sensitive.  
Our data records on Yogami are only for field use and don't contain 
much that's already stored in the archives at Headquarters.  And we 
can't access intensely confidential records such as those classified 
as "close-hold" from Yogami.  You all know why...hackers and such."  
Her words briefly brought up memories of Munt and Ginkar.  Yes, they 
did know why.

"That is extremely unfortunate," Lord Yosho said.  "To track down this 
Professor Klove, we need much more information."

"Why don't you just keep on hacking and drill down to those records 
at GP Headquarters, Washuu?" Ryoko wanted to know.

"Because records that sensitive at GP Headquarters have all sorts of 
anti-hacking and anti-cracking programs surrounding them.  Those 
programs detect any unauthorized probing and immediately scan the 
prober."

Ryoko eyed the scientist narrowly.  "Are you saying you can't defeat 
that security stuff, Washuu?"

"Sure I can.  But one slip, even one nanosecond long delay in evading 
a scan from the GP firewall, and those anti-cracker programs may get 
a fix on me.  They could discover where the probe is coming from.  
And you know what that will mean." 

"I sure do."  Kyone's voice and expression were grim.  "Such an 
offense is one exception to our hands-off policy toward non-Union 
planets.  Investigators from the GP would be authorized to detain and 
interrogate a person even from this planet to find the hacker.  You 
know we can't stand any kind of investigation like that, Ryoko.  You 
should know that better than any of us."

Reluctantly, Ryoko agreed.  "Yeah...it's too big a risk, I guess.  But 
we've got to get a line on that bastard.  We've got to help the 
Princess."

Kiyone looked thoughtful.  "Mihoshi and I can view those records.  
We're certainly authorized to.  The only thing is..."

Washuu grinned and nodded at the Galaxy Police officer.  "Keep going, 
Kiyone.  You're doing fine."

"What is it, Kiyone?" Tris asked her.

"Well, to see those records, we'll have to go to the source," Kiyone 
said.  "Mihoshi and I will have to travel on Yogami...to Galaxy 
Police Headquarters."



_________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES
 
(1)  It may interest the reader to know that hypnotism is still not 
universally accepted as a legitimate medical and psychoanalytic 
technique even today.  Hypnotism can and has been abused, often for 
entertainment purposes.  There are those who would ban its use even 
now, or at least confine it to heavily regulated medical circles.

