_____________________________Legal Stuff_______________________________________

Ok, none of the Tenchi characters, trademarks, or anything belongs to me I
don't own them so don't sue me.
_______________________________________________________________________________


                              "Warrior's Honor"
                                 "Chapter 1"
                                   "Honor
                            Given for a lifetime,
                          or lost in a heartbeat."

The sun rises over the lake early in the morning, the birds are chirping,
the cherry blossoms and blowing in the wind and the usual sounds that are
heard every morning are present. Tenchi walks up the steps of the shrine to
see his grandfather.

Tenchi knocks on the door of the shrine.

"Come in Tenchi."

"How did you know it was me, grandfather?"

"You come by this time every morning, you are getting predictable."

"Well, anyways I came so see what you wanted with me."

"Ah yes, there is a young man coming here to help with you with your
training."

"Huh, what do you mean I thought you trained me."

"Yes, but he can teach you techniques I cannot."

"Where is he from?"

"Well, he is half Jurian and half of some other race, I think they call them
Saiyans."

"Saiyans, never heard of them."

"Well, anyways I need you to greet him he will arrive at the lake tommorrow
at sunset."

"Alright grandfather."

*The Next Day*

A ship shows up at sunset just like Kasuhito says, it looks much like Yagami
except smaller. A man about 21 steps out of the craft he has long black hair
much like Yosho's, muscular and around 6"0 tall. (A combo of Trunks and
Yosho)

"Is this the Masaki residence?" The stranger calls out.

"Yeah, are you the guy my grandfather sent for?" Tenchi yells back.

"Yes, so then I guess you must be Tenchi."

"Yup, come on and I'll take you to grandpa."

The two head up the path to the shrine.

"Grandfather the man you sent for is here."

"Well, hello there young man, may I ask you name?"

"My name is Sija."

"I understand that you are half Saiyan, am I correct?"

"Yes, I have been an orphan ever since my planet was destroyed by meteors I
was away at the time visiting Jurai."

"I am sorry to hear of you loss."

"Well let's just forget about it, now when would you like me to start
training Tenchi."

"I suppose now is as good as any."

Tenchi and Sija head out to a clearing in the forest.

"Alright Tenchi, I am going to teach you the basics of my techniques."

"First let's get your power reading."

Sija takes out a small device and places it on his face.

"What is that?", Tenchi ask curiously.

"This is a device that can read your power level and give it to me in a
number form."

"Now let's see Tenchi you have a power level of.........30,000, pretty good
for someone who hasn't been trained to increase it."

"What do you mean increase your power level?"

"Well,.....I think I will show you, here catch."

Sija tosses the device to Tenchi.

"Put in on and when I tell you look at me with it and you can tell the
difference in my power increase."

"Alright, tell me what my power level is right now."

"Uh,......45,000."

Sija clenches his fists  and concentrates and soon bursts into a firey rage
and his power starts to rise rapidly, his arms and legs start to bulge. Soon
his aura of fire starts to spread and grows consuming all space around him.
The entire ground begins to shake and the ground starts to crack.

"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!" Sija lets out a loud yell and the aura
dissappears.

"Ok, now what does te device read."

"Holy shit,............it's..it's..400,000!!!!"

"See that is the technique that you can use by concentrating your energy
onto one spot."

"Wow, and you can really teach me to do that?"

"Sure if you are willing to learn."

Tenchi nods his head in accordance. The two train for weeks out in the woods
so as not to damage the house or the shrine, and Ryoko and Ayeka become
worried for Tenchi since they have not seen him since the day that Sija
arrived.

"I think we should go find them.", Ryoko suggests.

"For once I think you are right."

The two set out in search of the warriors, they come upon them  and decide
not to bother them seeing as they are talking. They just sit back on some
rocks and watch.

"Alright Tenchi now its time to test your new found abilities."

"Yes sir."
"Ok, power up."

Tenchi focuses his energy until he burst into a blue flame, as Tenchi's
power grows veins start popping out and power starts bouncing around the
countryside, Ayeka and Ryoko can barely hold on for dear life even with
Ayeka's force field and Ryoko's gems.
Tenchi's flame dissappears and he resettles.

"Good Tenchi, you achieved a new max...390,000 you are almost as strong as
me, and you....."

Sija is cut off by the sound of a ship comes in for landing.

"Finally, it's here."

"What is it?"

"This is the last part of your training."

The delivery guy comes down out of the ship with a package the size of a
house.

"You Sija?"

"Yes."
"Sign here."

"Ok, here you go one gravity enhancing training capsule."

The delivery guy takes off.

"What in the world is a gravity enhancer."

"Well, step inside and I shall show you.
The two go inside the capsule and Sija walks over to a control pannel in the
center of the room.

"Ok Tenchi I am going to set this for just 5 times normal gravity just to
give you a feel for it."
Sija touches a few buttons, and the machine hums a little and Tenchi
suddenly feels incredibly heavy and struggles to stand straight up but can
barely stand on his feet.

"What the fuck, my body feels like in weighs a ton."
"Well, actually it probably does right now."

Sija walks back over and turns it off.

"Tenchi I am going to leave you in here for a solid week, I want you to get
up to 100 times normal gravity."

"What but I will be squashed like a pancake."

"Tenchi I have faith in you, you can do this."

"Well, I can try my best."

"Good, well I will see you in a week, this at least gives me a chance to get
aquainted with everyone in the house."

"Goodbye, see you in a week."

Sija left as Tenchi began his training setting it back at 5 times gravity.
He walks back toward the house and enters to see Sasami.

"Oh, hello there you must be the guy grandpa sent for right?"

"Why, yes princess Sasami."

"How do you know my name?"

"Well, you are the princess of Jurai I think everyone knows your name."

"Oh, well anyways I hope you enjoy living here, bye bye."

"Bye, princess Sasami."

Sija walks down the halls looking for the bathroom and sees a door marked
bath, he automatically thinks its a bath for everyone.(Big Mistake) Sija
opens the door and Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi all in
unison.................

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
PERVERT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Later in the Washu's lab, Washu is trying to revive a unconscious Sija.

"Ryoko, you didn't have to hit him that hard." Ayeka scolds.

"Well, he just walked in I thought he was Nobyuki or something."

"Uhh...what happened?", Sija says grogily.

"Finally your awake, I am truly sorry for the actions of that devil woman."

"Hey, who are you calling a devil woman you uptight little bitch!"

"HEy, you two don't yell he is still recovering." Washu scolds both of them.

"How are you feeling?" Ayeka asked concerned.

"Well, my head hurts a little other than that I feel ok."

"Oh, please forgive me for not properly introducing myself, I am Ayeka,
Royal Princess of Jurai."

"You really get a kick out of saying that don't you?" Ryoko says mockingly.

"Shut up you stupid slut!!!!!!"

"Alright, that's it you and me right now!"

"You two settle down now or I will use you in my next experiment."

Both Ayeka and Ryoko sit down with little halo's above their heads.

"How long have I been out?"

"Well, you have been out about 2 days, Ryoko did hit you pretty hard."

"2 days!!"

"I have to go check on Tenchi and his training."

"UH I'll go check on Tenchi." With that Ryoko teleports outside near the
capsule.

"Maybe I can sneak up and get a peak at him training." Ryoko walks up and
peaks in at Tenchi and marvels at what she sees.

"Tenchi has gotten a lot more muscular, god I want to be with him."

"Maybe I can sneak up on him I can teleport in there and get behind him."

Ryoko teleports into the capsule and just as she is about to grab Tenchi she
slams hard into the floor.

"AAHHHH!!!!!!!" Ryoko screams in pain.

Tenchi whips around and sees the injured Ryoko, he had the machine set at 20
times normal gravity.

"Ryoko, are you okay?" Tenchi says concerned.

"Yeah, I'm okay I can get up by myse....AAHHHH!!!"

"Ryoko, your leg its broken?"
"No don't be silly I am fine..AAAHHH!!!"

"Don't worry Ryoko I won't let anything happen to you."

With that Tenchi scoops Ryoko up in his arms and steps out the door and to
Ryoko's surprise takes off flying toward the house.

"Tenchi...you can fly, but how?"

"Well, it's just another technique Sija tought me, i'll show you how I can
later but let's get you to bed."

Ryoko just nodded yes and laid her head on Tenchi's chest as he carried her
safely in his arms. When they arrive at the house he takes Ryoko to Washu's
lab.

"Look's like I got you a patient here Washu."

"What happened to my little Ryoko?" Washu asks as she wraps her arms around
Ryoko in a joking manner.

"Well she came into the capsule where I was training and she couldn't take
the gravity and slammed into the floor, I think her leg is leg is broken."

"I will be the judge of that." says Washu as she puts on her nurses uniform.

"Okay let's get a look at that leg,...HHHMMMM...let's see does it hurt when
I do this." Washu pokes at Ryoko's ankle.

Ryoko winces in pain, she burries her head into Tenchi's chest and sobs.

"I will take that as a yes well given your ability to heal it should be good
as new in about 47 hours, 23 minutes, 12 sec.."
"WASHU!!!!!!!!" Everyone says in unison.

"Alright, Alright, she be back to normal in about 2 days.......HAPPY!!!"

"But for now just keep off your feet and you'll be fine."

"Like she ever get's off her lazy ass......" Ayeka says to Ryoko's face.

"Ayeka you take that back right now, Ryoko is really hurt." Tenchi scolds.

"Why should I she does nothing but sit around and try and seduce you!!"

"She has helped save your life plenty of times!"

"She is a common space slut."

"Ayeka I am warning you stop saying bad things about Ryoko!"

"Don't you realize that Lord Tenchi could never love you, you are just a
whore, unlike myself, I am a Royal princess of Jurai and a well behaved
woman."  Ayeka could not see the look on Ryoko's face but she was crying
uncontrollably onto Tenchi's shirt, she then pushed away from Tenchi and
flew down the hall.

"Good she is gone now, see Lord Tenchi it's not so hard to get rid of her."

Tenchi stared at Ayeka in awe.

"How can you be such a.a.a...BITCH!!!!!!"

"How do you think I could love a woman who could be that cruel she just
broke her leg then I carried her in here of my own will and you start
insulting her, I could never love a person who has so little compassion for
others feelings!!!"

Tenchi runs out of the room leaving a shocked Ayeka to look for Ryoko.
Tenchi searches frantically for Ryoko and then realizes the place where she
would go to. (If ya don't know the roof....where else)

Tenchi finds Ryoko curled up in a ball crying her eyes out with her back to
him.

"What if it is true, what if she is right, what if I'm just a whore who
Tenchi can never love."

Each word that comes from her mouth is like a dagger sent straight to
Tenchi's heart, he can no longer take the pain and goes up to Ryoko.

"Ryoko.." Ryoko turns around, her eyes are red and swollen from crying.

"Tenchi...uh..what do..." Ryoko's words are stopped short by Tenchi's lips
pressed against hers. Their tongues probe each others mouths, and they taste
each other for the first time, after what seems like an eternity Tenchi
breaks from the kiss.

"Ryoko before you say anything I need to talk, so please just listen."

Ryoko nods in accordance.

"Ryoko I...I..love you, I have loved you since the day we met, you gave up
being a space pirate for me, but you did steal one thing before you
quite...you stole my heart. I have wanted to embrace you and just hold you
for years but because I thought there was something between I and Ayeka I
didn't reveal my true feelings." "Ayeka came to earth looking for Yosho not
me I was not promised to her, but I have fallen in love with you."

For the first time in Ryoko's like she wept openly in front of Tenchi and
she pulled Tenchi closer to her face until they met in another kiss and laid
there on the roof and fell asleep in each other's
arms.............................

******************************************************************************

Well, how did you like my fan fic this is my first non-porn fiction so how
did I do send me feedback, hatemail, or suggestions for chapter 2 in which a
past evil confronts the Tenchi gang once again and Ryoko is kidnapped. Then
Tenchi goes to the brink of destruction training!!

Well this is Krackhead420 saying goodbye and if you wanna set the mood
download "Ryoko's Love Song" from www.napster.com and if you got an mp3
player I have conviently attatched it to this story.

Peaceout

Krackhead420