=========================================================================

DISCLAIMER: This is one part of a multi-part story. It has been modified
as a .txt document for the Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive
(www.tmffa.com) and can be viewed with its original bold/italics at
FanFiction.Net (www.fanfiction.net).

"Tenchi Muyo!", Washu, and all related images and properties are (c)
Pioneer and AIC Animation. This is a work of fan-fiction. The author has
received no monterary compensation. Any attempt to profit from this
document in any way is punishable by law.

To leave feedback, send fan-art, or make arrangements to host this fic on
your website, please contact me at takisjoh@msu.edu

=========================================================================

                              WASHU'S LULLABY
                           A "Tenchi Muyo!" Novel

                                     by
                                 John Takis

=========================================================================

                              - INTRODUCTION -

=========================================================================



COVER ARTWORK:

I have designed and edited (not drawn) cover artwork for Washu's Lullaby.
It can be viewed at http://www.msu.edu/~takisjoh/wl.jpg

If, for some reason, you feel compelled to create fan art for this story,
I would be thrilled to receive it.



DISCLAIMER:

Tenchi Muyo!, Washu, and all related images and characters are the 
property of Pioneer Entertainment, a division of AIC International. This 
story is a work of fan fiction, created solely for entertainment 
purposes, and may not be sold or otherwise profited from.



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:

Several people need to be acknowledged for their role in the creation of 
this story.

First and foremost, Mr. Masaki Kajishima . In addition to co-creating 
Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki, upon which this website is based, he wrote the 
"True Tenchi Novels" (with Yosuke Kuroda) from which I derived a 
significant portion of material. It is his universe that I am primarily 
writing about, and I owe him a debt of gratitude and inspiration.

This work would not have been possible without the English translations 
of Tatsumingo . He translated large portions of the "True Tenchi Novels" 
into readable English. Without his groundbreaking work, I would never 
have known where to begin. You can read them at 
http://homepage2.nifty.com/tatsumingo/index_e.html

I am not a talented web-designer, but I will try to set up a website to 
permanently house this novel, as well as any fan art I may receive. I 
will post a link here when it is ready. If you want to link to or house 
this story on your website, I will give permission -- I only ask that you 
contact me first, and that you not make any changes.

Finally, my good friends Jeff Shaw, Andrew Demshuk and Diane Long 
provided valuable feedback and editing services. It's very hard for an 
author to get perspective on his or her own work. If you've ever tried to 
get anything published, you know the value of a good proof-reader. I owe 
these guys a lot for their constructive criticism and constant support.

You can read my professionally published fan-fiction in the books "Star 
Trek: Strange New Worlds III" and "Star Trek: Strange New Worlds V," 
available from Pocket Books.



AUTHOR'S NOTES: (You might want to skip these for now!)

Of all the many incarnations of Tenchi Muyo!, what sets the original OAV 
series' apart in my mind is the staggeringly detailed and complex myth-
ology. Every character has a past, and everyone's past is intertwined in 
significant ways. This is the way of all good legends. Not much of this 
intricate history is specifically laid out in the OAV episodes them-
selves, but the fact that it was there in the mind of the creator goes a 
long way towards establishing the creative legitimacy of the series as 
revealed through the show's little details and overall themes. The back-
story continued to be developed through original novels and other sources.

Unfortunately for the English-speaking consumer, most of this literature 
-- and the most significant literature -- has remained available in 
Japanese only. The "True Tenchi Novels," which delve into the far-flung 
past of the Tenchi-verse, have gone completely unrepresented on an 
official level. English-speakers have been forced to glean their infor-
mation second-hand, over the course of message-board posts and approxi-
mate translations ... removing the tale from its origins in the novel 
format. I have endeavored to correct this.

I must begin by stating that I do not speak or read Japanese. All of my 
information has been gathered in the same way many have: exploring the 
internet and asking lots of questions! I owe a particular debt to 
Tatsumingo and his English translations. Many of his sentences have been 
transcribed verbatim, and I wish to give him full credit. For all his 
hard effort, however, Tatsumingo's translations fall short of 
professional-quality English fiction. This is not to his detriment -- I 
have yet to master a second language with anywhere near the efficiency he 
has displayed -- but I have attempted to "clean up" his prose where I 
have utilized it.

Why have I concentrated on Washu? For starters, she's 20,000 years old. 
Her life encompassed most of the significant events in the Tenchi-verse. 
Secondly, her role as a central character is due to become more prominent 
in future Tenchi OAVs. Most Tenchi fanfiction is projectionist ... that 
is to say, people try to figure out what will happen next. That is a 
realm I'm willing to leave to the original creators. I want to know what 
happened before, and therefore this fic is reconstructive in nature.

I will now discuss the source-material and the changes/expansions/
deductions I contributed. Beware: SPOILER MATERIAL BELOW! I highly 
recommend you read the story first, then come back here for the 
commentary.

Go ahead and skip to the next "chapter." I'll wait.

Alright. Let's start with the source material. The original "Washu" novel 
(as translated by Tatsumingo) provided the basis for "Washu's Lullaby," 
but the latter goes far beyond its source. The original novel was much 
shorter, for example. It began with Washu's finding and continued through 
her last visit with her son. Certain details were skimmed over or 
compressed that might have flowed differently in a different novel.

My response was, in most cases, to do a total re-write. I wanted it to 
feel like a longer, more complete novel, and that meant lots of little 
expansions and elaborations. The entire prologue, in fact, was re-done 
from scratch. It's hard to pinpoint them all, but here are some of the 
major additions to this part of the story:

(1) Most of the scenes on Kanemitsu were my own invention, based on 
    condensed paragraphs in the original novel. The Reverend Mother and 
    the monastery inhabitants were my creations.

(2) The journey to the Academy was described, but not written out.

(3) Professor Ikuma's lecture is new.

(4) The romance between Washu and Mikamo was severely underdeveloped. 
    Most of the "courtship" scenes were mine, along with scenes involving 
    Washu's personal fears and insecurities. The picnic scene is mine, 
    and was inspired by Washu's reflections in the OAV episode "Hello 
    Baby."

(5) Yume was not in the original work. Her inclusion is a tip of the hat 
    to the Tenchi mangas -- which are not truly "canon." Call it an 
    easter egg. You'll find several throughout the novel.

(6) The infiltration of the space station and most of the scenes on 
    Seniwa are new. Only the first bedroom scene and most of the scene 
    where Washu lets her son go was in the original prologue.

>From this point on, everything is original. You won't see re-written 
material until the final part, where I adapt material in part from the 
"Jurai" and "Yosho" novels. Also from this point on, I had to do lots of 
detective work. Not everything is spelled out, and I had to make some 
inferences. Where I took liberties, I did it because I felt they best 
suited the story. Here is an explanation of some of the choices I made 
and why:

(1) No one knows the exact extent of Washu's interaction with Tsunami. 
    She recognizes Tsunami on sight in the OAV, where she is also 
    approached by Funaho in a cryptic conversation. In addition, a scene 
    in the "Yosho" novel, where Washu briefly enters Ryoko's mind during 
    the attempt to kidnap Tsunami, has Washu recognize Tsunami. I decided 
    to give them minor but significant contact in the past.

(2) Most people assume that Dr. Clay was kicked out of the Academy 
    immediately after he lost the Director's Chair. He was too useful to 
    the story, so I put a large gap between those two events. The scene 
    where Clay is humiliated with a pornographic video has been alluded 
    to by several of my sources, but it was not included in Tatsumingo's 
    translation. So I took my best guess.

(3) The story of Naja's "death" is recounted in sketchy detail by the 
    character of Seto in the "Yosho" novel. I felt her character was too 
    important to let go that easily, so I further developed her final 
    scenes.

(4) Washu and Naja are generally credited with inspiring the trans-
    formation of the "Royal Science Academy" into the "Galaxy Academy," 
    but it is not explicitly explained how.

(5) There is some controversy regarding the creation of Kagato. Some 
    claim he was a clone of Naja that Washu made after her friend's 
    death. I had different ideas that worked better in terms of story 
    construction. Besides, I think it makes sense that Naja is to Kagato 
    is to Soja what Washu is to Ryoko is to Ryo-ohki.

(6) Tokimi's involvement with the Shank guild pirates is never explicitly 
    stated. But the Shank pirates DID have Light-Hawk wings during their 
    attack on Washu's ship. They were not Washu's, and they were probably 
    not Tsunami's. That leaves Tokimi, so I created a concept in shich it 
    made sense.

(7) Again, there are different schools of thought regarding the creation 
    of Ryoko. Did she know Washu? This is pure speculation. In the OAV, 
    her memories go back only 2,000 years. Washu has been a captive of 
    Kagato for 5,000 years. Some people have theorized that this is 
    because Kagato erased her memories ... but again, there is no direct 
    evidence for that in the OAV. My personal theory is that Kagato 
    activated Ryoko once she became necessary ... in other words, once he 
    needed access to the power of the gems but could not access that 
    power directly.

(8) The OAV never states WHY Kagato spent 5,000 years robbing museums and 
    destroying ruins. Presumably, he was searching for "the greatest 
    power in the universe." The TTM novels explain that artifacts from 
    across the galaxy were connected with "godlike patterns." I just 
    connected the dots.

This doesn't cover everything, of course. Every minor line in the OAV was 
meticulously analyzed for any information it could possibly provide. (For 
example: Yukinojo mentions in passing that the planet from which Washu 
was kidnapped was called "Todain.")

Just remember that my first goal was to produce an engaging and coherent 
story. I have given every attention to canon-compatible minutae, but 
where a choice needed to be made it was done with the best interests of 
the story in mind.

I hope you enjoyed it.

-- John Takis (4/20/02)

PS - Good feedback is ALWAYS appreciated. Please let me know what you 
thought!



=========================================================================
BEGIN THE STORY WITH: Washu's Lullaby - Prelude
=========================================================================