=========================================================================

DISCLAIMER: This is one part of a multi-part story. It has been modified
as a .txt document for the Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive
(www.tmffa.com) and can be viewed with its original bold/italics at
FanFiction.Net (www.fanfiction.net).

"Tenchi Muyo!", Washu, and all related images and properties are (c)
Pioneer and AIC Animation. This is a work of fan-fiction. The author has
received no monterary compensation. Any attempt to profit from this
document in any way is punishable by law.

To leave feedback, send fan-art, or make arrangements to host this fic on
your website, please contact me at takisjoh@msu.edu

=========================================================================

                              WASHU'S LULLABY
                           A "Tenchi Muyo!" Novel

                                     by
                                 John Takis

=========================================================================

                                - PART II -
                                THE STUDENT

=========================================================================



"Washu? Hakubi Washu?"

Washu, hiding behind a large pillar, stubbornly ignored the call.

"Washu! Everyone is waiting! Why don't you answer, Washu?"

She risked a quick glance and saw the person who was calling her name 
moving behind the massive crowd. The woman was three years older than 
she, with silvery gray hair that cascaded down her neck and pooled at her 
shoulders. Two particularly thick lengths of hair hung vertically from 
her temples, resting in front of her ears. She had thin, questing eyes 
... eyes which were intently searching for Washu.

The woman had introduced herself as Akara Naja. She had approached Washu 
after the transport had landed, and claimed to be Washu's "guide," being 
a fellow Philosophy Major with some experience. That hadn't sounded so 
bad to Washu.

But Naja had not been alone.

Filling the hangar and the outside city were thousands of flags, on which 
were written "Welcome! Ms. Hakubi Washu." There had been a brass band, 
the student police (turned out in full dress uniform), young children 
waving brightly colored banners ... all waiting for her, Washu, as if 
they were greeting a high-ranking diplomat instead of an eighteen-year 
old foundling from a backwater planet. Naturally, Washu had received a 
beautiful and elaborate send-off from her home planet, but this ... this 
was ridiculous. The sheer amount of species and planets represented was 
staggering, and not altogether coherent. The noise alone was deafening.

And so Washu had smiled and waved and plunged into the crowd. She then 
forced her hair under a small cap, covered her face, and broke for the 
nearest pillar to hide behind.

Abruptly, Naja looked her way, and Washu ducked back. It was too late. 
The good natured Junior approached Washu with a happy smile. "There you 
are, Washu! You must have gotten lost! Come on! You're running behind 
schedule."

"Get knocked!" Washu yelled over the din. "How can I go out there?" She 
peeped out from behind the pillar and wondered if it were possible to 
simply buy a ticket back to Kanemitsu. Maybe no one would recognize her. 
Maybe ...

"Hey, Naja! Welcoming a new student?" One of the students from the crowd 
had walked up to Naja. Washu used the opportunity to run over to the next 
pillar while Naja's head was turned.

"Oh, yes!" Naja was telling the other student. "She's a genius! They say 
she's the best the Academy has ever accepted. But she's going to be late 
if ..." Naja turned, puzzled. "Where did she go?"

The student attempted to keep talking to Naja, but she brushed him aside. 
Turning, she caught a glimpse of Washu's hair, which was resisting the 
hat with which Washu had attempted to cover it. "Oh, there she is!"

Washu cursed and ran into the crowd. Naja sprinted after her, and Washu 
saw that the older girl was carrying one of those damnable flags, waving 
it like a standard of war.

"Why are you running away, Washu?"

There was a chorus of puzzlement from the crowd as Washu pushed people 
out of her way indiscriminately. "Look! It's Akara Naja! And she's 
chasing the new girl!" one of them cried. "The genius!" cried another. 
"Don't let her get away!" came a third voice. Within moments, Washu found 
herself pursued by a virtual army of bystanders.

The air burned in Washu's lungs. Her legs felt about to give out. She 
could feel the crowd closing in, thousands of eyes homing in on her. Then 
she burst into a brief section of open platform. She looked around 
wildly. It was some sort of transit station.

Naja emerged onto the platform, followed by the crowd. Washu could see 
several media cameras hovering above them. Without reservation, she 
turned and jumped inside the door of the nearest taxi. "Department of 
Philosophy!" she called to the driver. He nodded and motioned for her to 
have a seat.

Finally relaxing, she sat down and picked up a newspaper which had been 
discarded on the seat. Her eyes widened and she made a strangled noise of 
frustration. The paper was not an hour old, the front page article 
already detailing her attempted escape.

Washu sighed and covered her face with the paper. It was going to be a 
long day ...

                                   * * *

A short time later, Naja caught up to Washu in the lobby of the 
Department of Philosophy.

"Ms. Naja ..." Washu began.

Naja cut her off with a laugh. "Just Naja, please, Washu. Or should I 
call you: the greatest genius in the Academy!"

"Thanks to you," Washu muttered.

"Oh, it wasn't my doing," Naja said. "<Every>one is interested in the 
Girl Genius!"

<She can't even detect sarcasm,> Washu thought incredulously. She sank 
down into the cushions of the lounge chair and closed her eyes.

Naja was bobbing her head at the latest updated news flier -- new ones 
seemed to appear inexplicably on a minute-to-minute basis. "You really 
are a genius," she bubbled. "I had calculated that it would take me 
precisely thirty-three minutes and thirty-three seconds to catch up with 
you. You threw off my results by two seconds!"

Washu was amazed. "You had it down that close?"

"By the way, Ms. Genius ..."

Washu held up a hand in protest. "Hey, it was only two seconds! Please 
stop calling me that!"

"Okay," Naja said, nodding agreeably. "Then can I call you Washu-chan?"

"Er ... I'm not so sure ..."

Naja ignored her. "Thanks. Washu-chan, do you have a boyfriend?"

"What? I just got here!"

"Oh, you would tell me, wouldn't you Washu-chan? Come on. You don't have 
one, do you? Do you?"

Washu was speechless for several seconds. "No ... no I don't," she 
finally choked out.

"Then there isn't anyone else!" Naja said, clapping her hands.

"You look awfully pleased."

"Oh? It's just because I don't have one either." She cocked her head and 
smiled. "We're the same, aren't we, Washu-Chan?"

<Like opposite-polarity ions,> Washu thought to herself. <No wonder she 
doesn't have a boyfriend.> Washu had never dated at the monastery, but 
she thought she had a pretty good idea what boys wanted. Washu and Naja 
weren't it.

"I'm sure we'll be good friends, Washu-chan," Naja said effusively. Washu 
gritted her teeth together. "Little Washu" was a fine enough title when 
it had come from the Reverend Mother ... when she was a baby. But it 
seemed she was now stuck with it. "I know the Academy like I know my own 
garden. If you ever have any questions about your new home, please feel 
free to ask me."

"Have you been here long?" Washu asked.

Naja smiled. "I was born here."

                                   * * *

The Science Academy was not the only institution on the planet, it turned 
out. There was an entire infrastructure set up to accommodate the life 
which the planet supported, including living quarters for not only the 
students, professors and staff, but for their families.

Most students lived near their departmental buildings, but some ventured 
out into the more obscure regions of the countryside, travelling via the 
sophisticated airbus system or relying exclusively on the computer 
networks. A small group of students was even mobile -- camping from place 
to place by car or boat, taking classes as they traveled.

Of course, not all the students were rich enough to afford such an 
indulgent lifestyle. Some literally worked, ate and slept in the 
department buildings as they worked off student loans. It was not un-
common to see mounds of sleeping bags piled up in the building lobbies 
like barricades. It was an appropriate simile ... some of the departments 
could accurately be described as "at war." There was a special group 
called the Student Committee to deal with such problems ... for the 
Academy had all the problems of any populated world. The largest 
difference was that the majority of its people worked for the advancement 
of knowledge.

                                   * * *

"We're there!" Naja cried.

The bus had dropped the pair off some distance from the heart of campus, 
in what Washu could only assume was one of the more prestigious 
residential zones. Individual homes sprawled elegantly over the sylvan 
terrain ... long, rolling hills and verdant Jurai tree-forms were 
beautiful to behold. The walk from the bus-stop seemed to take no time at 
all.

Now they had stopped in front of a particularly enormous house. It was 
practically a mansion: tall pillars, walls that gleamed ivory-white, with 
more windows than Washu wanted to count (but she did anyway). Even in 
this obviously upper-class neighborhood, surrounded by luxury, the house 
before them was uniquely gorgeous. Large, gilded gates blocked their view 
of the entryway, but Washu was sure it was no less impressive.

"Wow!" Washu said with genuine admiration. "This is great. Is this your 
house?"

Naja looked at her blankly.

"Er ... Miss Naja?"

Naja looked positively awkward, as if invisible eyes were on them both -- 
which, Washu reflected, they quite probably were. Naja cleared her 
throat, smiling oddly. "It would be awfully rude for me to invite myself 
into someone else's home." She nudged Washu on the shoulder.

Washu remained puzzled. "Is this the school then?"

Naja laughed. "That comes later!"

As if her laughter had been a key, the huge gates began to move. With a 
sound of whirring electronics and crunching gravel, they swung outwards. 
Beyond stood an elderly man dressed in finery. On either side, in two 
columns that lined the lane, stood a chorus of girls dressed in maid 
outfits. The man bowed politely. "Welcome, Ms. Hakubi Washu," he said in 
a low, strong voice. On cue, brightly colored lights sprang up all around 
them, bringing the elaborate garden setting to life. "We've been 
expecting you."

Washu gaped. She looked at Naja, and pointed at the house. "This is ... 
house ... it's ..." 

Naja nodded in delight.

<This is MY house?>

"It's late," Naja said. "You're probably tired. We can finish the paper-
work tomorrow. You are tired, right?"

Understatement of the century. "Er ... yes."

"Then I'll see you tomorrow, at eight o'clock sharp! Goooooood night!" 
Bright in the face, Naja waved to Washu and walked away, leaving her 
alone with the butler and army of maids. Her butler. Her maids.

Naja ignored Washu's frantic cries calling her back, and the great gates 
swung shut.

                                   * * *

The next morning, Washu was woken by Mikoto, one of the maids. It was 
Mikoto who had shown Washu around the house the previous evening, and 
Washu had taken an instant liking to the girl, in spite of her own 
embarrassment. At the monastery Washu had pulled her own weight ... 
she wasn't used to being waited on. And so she determined to treat the 
staff -- yes, "staff" was a good word; it was a big house, it needed a 
staff -- with kindness and respect. By dinnertime, she had earned the 
admiration of the entire staff. Mikoto and Washu were friends by the end 
of the night.

They were doubly-surprised when Washu showed up at the servants quarters 
for breakfast. Confused, they were quick to ask what was wrong. But Washu 
had calmly gone to the table, sat down and requested a plate.

After breakfast, she met a new challenge: her school uniform.

"Miss Washu?" Mikoto called from outside the bedroom door.

"Don't call me that!"

"Are you alright?"

"No, I'm not alright!" Mikoto hurried inside. Washu stood, arms spread. 
"They expect me to go outside in this?"

Washu had grown up accustomed to the comfortable, loose-fitting robes of 
Kanemitsu. This was something else. The restricting tan pants were held 
by a swath of beige cloth, held at the hip by a red clasp. The gold-
buttoned dress-coat, a very dark bluish-green, was a nightmare, pinching 
her around the waist, with long sleeves, poofy shoulders and a white, 
high-necked collar. She had selected a bright-green gemstone as a tie, 
with short red-ribbons. The neat matching cap she held in her white-
gloved hands, leaving her volcano of hair looking ridiculous.

"I look ridiculous."

"You look beautiful," Mikoto protested.

Washu brandished the cap at her. "And what am I supposed to do with 
this?" The maid had no response. Washu sighed and closed her eyes. She 
raised the cap above her head ... there was a shifting, and suddenly the 
majority of her mane had disappeared beneath it, leaving the hat framed 
by the short, graceful arcs of hair that swept out from either side of 
her head like the legs of a crab.

Mikoto gaped. Washu yawned and looked at the clock.

"It's after eight o'clock," she said. "Where's Naja?"

Mikoto swallowed timidly. "Ms. Naja is infamous for being difficult to 
catch. She is quite popular, and often delayed. I'm sure ..."

"I see," Washu interrupted. "Let's go outside."

A few minutes later, they were out on the terrace and Washu was sipping a 
hot cup of tea. She looked up at the weather-regulated sky, squinting her 
eyes in the warm sunshine.

"I've made up my mind," she said.

"To do what?" Mikoto said.

"It's only twenty minutes to school, right? I'll just walk. I could use 
the exercise."

"But what about Ms. Naja?"

"If she ever shows up, tell her where I went." She set down the teacup, 
pulled on her shoes and began her morning walk, ignoring Mikoto's pleas 
of protest.

The temperature zone that the Department of Philosophy occupied enjoyed 
all four seasons, and Washu was secretly pleased that it was currently 
Spring. It had been autumn on Kanemitsu. She had missed the smell of life 
in the air. She dawdled as she walked, pausing at small gardens and 
soaking up the atmosphere.

It was a more circuitous route that took her off the main paths. This 
came as a relief when she arrived, hidden behind a tree, one kilometer 
from the Philosophy Building. The great structure stood out against the 
kilometers-long tree-line. Instead of gates, the entrance to the academy 
grounds was guarded by two huge robots. But they did not carry weapons. 
They carried, rather, enormous flags in each hand. Flags that read 
"Welcome! Washu-chan!"

<So it's Washu-*chan* now,> she sighed to herself. <Naja, what the hell 
have you done?>

Several hundred students crowded around the robots' feet, including a 
horde of elementary-aged children also waving flags. They, in turn, were 
surrounded by an even larger crowd of spectators and media-persons. It 
was larger than the last one.

<They told me I was already famous. Why didn't I believe them? Well they 
won't see me this time.> Stiffening her resolve, Washu approached the 
crowd. Approaching from the tree-line, her appearance went unnoticed 
until she reached the border of the crowd. She kept her head low and her 
eyes worked frantically, calculating the ebb and flow of the crowd and 
the trajectories of the people around her. Mere yards from the gate, she 
felt a tiny hand tugging at her jacket. She looked down into the face of 
one of the schoolchildren. The little girl gave an excited cry, and 
abruptly dozens of faces turned towards Washu.

Washu smiled weakly. "Please forgive me!" she said. Then she ran as fast 
as she could behind the nearest building.

"Wow!" she breathed. The inner grounds were covered with acre after acre 
of thousands of regal white flowers that could only have come from planet 
Jurai. Behind the building, she could see that they coated the long plain 
in carefully designed patterns surrounding more buildings, stretching all 
the way to the distant seaside. The roof of each building, by contrast, 
was decorated with an explosion of brightly-colored foliage. "The Jurai 
certainly know how to decorate!"

"Hey, you!" came a deep voice from behind her.

Washu spun around, afraid that the mob had found her. But it was only a 
lone man, scowling at her with deep-set eyes as if she were some scullery 
maid caught sitting on the throne. He was short, heavy-set, with a wide-
lipped face and a forehead that seemed to slope down in a perpetual scowl. 
A few wisps of hair curled around the dark skin of his chin. From his 
fancy robes and the way he swaggered towards her, Washu's first thought 
was that he was a professor. But then she noticed the badge of a depart-
mental student, and gave annoyed cough. She knew this type ... an elitist; 
the same breed of priggish snob that had tainted her farewell party on 
Kanemitsu with their overly-familiar superiority.

She decided to attempt to be polite. "Excuse me, could you tell me where 
the main office is?"

The man frowned. "The office?"

"Do you want me to spell it? I need to register for the Academy and ..."

The man cut her off with a mocking laugh. "Do you know where you are, 
girl? This is a branch of the Royal Jurai Academy! Only the most advanced 
minds of the galaxy are allowed to enter here. You must have come by the 
wrong road. Surely you must have meant to find the Department of Ancient 
Literature, which is down by the city."

Washu raised an eyebrow. "Don't you read yesterday's news?" she said 
wryly.

"Ohhhhh!" there was an angry cry from behind and a blur of motion. A foot 
leapt out and kicked the man hard in the shin. He cried out in pain, 
leaping backwards into the bushes, cowering like a frightened toad.

"Don't you like me, Washu-chan?" It was Naja, staring at Washu with hurt, 
almost spiteful eyes. She hadn't even looked at the man she had removed, 
so intently was she focussed on Washu.

"What?"

"I worked so hard," Naja stammered, and tears began to appear in her eyes. 
"I planned everything, you know. I worked all night to prepare for Washu-
chan's first day at school ..."

"All the attention bothers me," Washu cut her off. Naja froze. <If I 
don't put my foot down now, she'll be doing this to me all year,> Washu 
thought. She stared into Naja's eyes. <If I show any lack of resolve, 
she'll see it.>

But Naja just sighed. "You are a catty girl, Washu-chan."

There was a noise as the man extracted himself painfully from the bushes. 
His face was twisted with anger. "What the hell is going on?" he 
demanded, tenderly picking tiny branches from his scratched, red face. 
"What do you think you're doing, you ..." his skin paled as he saw his 
assailant, and his entire demeanor changed to one of reluctance. 
"... Miss ... Miss Naja!"

"Sorry, Clay," Naja said shortly, her sadness at the failed reception 
transforming into anger. She glanced at Washu, then returned her 
attention to the huffing man before them. "Here." She lashed out with a 
clenched fist, but the man called Clay evaded the blow.

"Ah ..." he rasped. "This girl is your friend, then? Even so, you should 
have instructed her better. There are many places where not all are 
permitted to enter ..." he glared at Washu.

"Let's go, Washu-chan," Naja said, trying to move past Clay, who bristled.

"Didn't you hear what I just said?" he demanded.

Naja stared at him with a mixture of fury and disgust. "What," she hissed.

Clay blanched, and his voice became smaller. "Er ... well, you see ... 
um, you can't take her to the Department of Philosophy and ..."

"Speak clearly if you are a man!" Naja yelled. Clay's face twisted in 
mortification.

"Oh, Naja. What's this all about?"

The three students turned. Walking towards them was a tall man with a 
jovial face, graying hair, and a neatly-cut beard. Washu noted his 
official dress. He examined her curiously. "And you are ...?"

"Professor Ikuma," Naja said nervously, and bowed.

<The department head,> thought Washu. <Not someone you'd want to break up 
your fight.>

Clay stepped forward, puffing out his chest self-importantly. "Oh yes, 
Professor. You see, I was just speaking to Naja about that." His tone was 
polite and deferential, but his stare for Naja was pure acid. "What could 
she be thinking bringing a stranger into a reserved area, I wonder."

Ikuma ignored Clay. "You are Washu?" he asked.

Washu smiled, bowing respectfully. "Nice to meet you, Professor."

The old man smiled with what looked like fatherly affection. "I suppose 
this is our first face-to-face meeting. You are much more beautiful in 
person."

Washu nodded happily. "I want to thank you for preparing such a wonderful 
house for me."

He laughed. "Don't give it a second thought. It's all part of the deal. I 
look forward to working with you."

Clay stared from Washu to Ikuma in bewilderment. "Do you <know> her, 
Professor?"

<Of course he's surprised,> Washu thought. <I'm surprised. No one works 
directly with Professor Ikuma. Students are lucky to help research his 
work.>

Ikuma's face registered mild annoyance. "Are you still here, Clay? I 
suppose I should fill you in, since you don't seem to have been keeping 
up with the news. This is Hakubi Washu, and she is the newest student in 
the Department of Philosophy." He turned back to Washu. "Eighteen years 
old this year. I suppose she's broken your record, eh Naja?"

"By more than a little, Professor," Naja said. "She passed the required 
entrance exams four years ago ... <after> she finished all her basic 
programs."

Clay's face twitched. "Fo-four ... years?"

"Oh yes," Naja said. "As you know, you can't enter the Academy until 
you're eighteen." Clay froze dumbly and Naja looked pleased.

Ikuma winked at her. "Good medicine," he whispered.

She replied by flashing him a "V"-sign with her right hand. "If you will 
excuse us, Professor, Ms. Washu has some papers to fill out." Her face 
became that of an obedient student and she bowed to Ikuma, taking Washu 
by the hand.

"Oh, yes, Washu," Ikuma called after them. "I'm sure they will tell you 
at the office, but you placed into Class 6, the same as Naja." Then he 
ambled away.

Clay, left alone, sank to the ground. "I'm in Class 9," he muttered. "An 
eighteen year-old <girl,> who just entered the Academy, three levels 
higher than I? Pereposterous! I can't believe it."

It took three hours for Clay to fully recover his sense of identity. When 
he did, he drew himself up, suffused with indignation, and walked stiffly 
back towards the front of the building. He had no doubt he would be 
seeing this upstart student again. He would show her how things worked 
at the Royal Space Academy.

                                   * * *

     It was dark but it was not dark. The light was not light but it 
     blinded her. It screamed at her senses louder and louder until her 
     mind was drowning in a sea of raw sensation. A symphony of silence. 
     A cacophony of chaos.

     It was not enough to block out the terror.

     Something formed in the void: triumvirate points of light, glowing 
     hotly red against the backdrop of her consciousness. They spun 
     slowly and a darkness grew between them ... a cold, inky darkness 
     which was absolute in contrast to everything she knew. There was no 
     light there.

     The horror intensified. Primordial. Cataclysmic. She fled along the 
     edge of theosis. Pandemonium came crashing down around her. She 
     flung herself outwards, her mind stretched so thin she thought it 
     might rupture. She tumbled in an emptiness that could only have been 
     born from entropy. Impossibilities leapt out at her from every angle, 
     filling her soul with pervasive terror.

     Terror ...

     The blackness swallowed her.

                                   * * *

Washu sat up violently in bed, her nightgown drenched in sweat, her skin 
clammy in the breeze that blew in from the open window. Long drapes 
shifted in the wind, and in a panic, she whirled towards the source of 
the motion, her green eyes staring blankly at the gibbous moon for a long 
moment. Her ears still rang with some evasive sound. Had she screamed? 
Had she been dreaming? She realized that her heart was pounding intensely. 
She could feel the blood flushing through her skull. Already the pain in 
her ears was fading to a mere shade of an echo.

There was a sound from the door, and she shifted position on the enormous 
bed. Mikoto stood there, holding a lit candle to push back the darkness 
of the hall. Several other servants were visible in the shadows behind 
her.

"Lady Washu," Mikoto whispered. "Are you ... you cried out."

"I'm fine," Washu said. She wished she meant it. She was shaken to the 
marrow of her bones, seemingly without cause. "Bad dreams. Guess I'm just 
anxious about my first day of classes. Go on back to bed."

Mikoto bowed and backed away. The door shut.

Washu fell backwards against her spread of pillows and stared at the 
ceiling. Her breathing was already becoming more even, her heart rate 
returning to normal. Within moments she was asleep. This time she did not 
dream. And the ice-blue light of the moon playing across her sleeping 
face could not obscure the faint traces of red light cast from the top of 
the dresser, where her three gems glowed hotly in the night ...

                                   * * *

>From his vantage point high atop the massive, multi-decker podium that 
dominated the front of the arena, Professor Ikuma surveyed the sea of 
students.

"Who can tell me," he cried, his amplified voice reverberating off the 
towering stone structures of the open-air amphitheater, "why the 
Department of Philosophy is considered the highest level of the Science 
Academy?"

The room was filled with silence. Ikuma jabbed a godlike finger down 
towards a student sitting nine rows back. "Mr. Hisaishi?"

The student fidgeted nervously. "Because ... because it's more important?"

"No. That is arguable." The finger moved again. "Ms. Ohtani?"

"Because thinkers are our most valuable asset."

"A very pretty sentiment, Ms. Ohtani. Textbook, in fact. But no. Ms. 
Washu?"

Thirty four rows back, Washu blinked. She considered for a moment, then 
leaned forward to activate her desk microphone. "Because philosophy is 
the most advanced science," she said. If she was wrong, she was wrong.

"Close, Ms. Hakubi. Very close." He spread his arms wide to encompass the 
entire room. "What is science?" he demanded. 

"Science is knowledge," one student volunteered.

"Yes. That is the basic principle. But science is more. Anyone else?"

Washu activated her pickup. "The pursuit of knowledge."

Ikuma drew his hands together. "Now we are getting somewhere. Science is 
the process by which we acquire knowledge. And where do we find 
knowledge?"

"Everywhere in the physical universe," someone called out.

"Yes. But I would expand your definition to include everything in the 
rational universe. You can study sub-atomics and dimensional shifts until 
you're blue in the face. Information is not knowledge. I submit that 
science is more than data. There is a science of ethics. Of aesthetics. 
Metaphysics and epistemology. These are things that you cannot put under 
a microscope. These are things you cannot quantify. And yet they inform. 
They are a source of knowledge. They are much more dangerous than matter, 
they are the consequence and end of matter. They are ideas. Philosophy, 
ladies and gentlemen, is the science of ideas."

Atop the podium, Ikuma began to pace. "I want to make one thing clear. I 
do not expect perfection from my students. If that is your goal, you 
should leave. Your efforts will not be rewarded here."

One student in the front row stood up. She was short, of a light-furred 
and long-eared humanoid species with which Washu was unfamiliar. "Isn't 
perfection an idea?"

Ikuma peered down. "Ms. Yume, is it? Here's a challenge for you. 
Perfection does not exist."

"It does exist, sir."

"How?"

"Perfection is the sum of all things by virtue of their existence."

Ikuma smiled. "Indeed. Then we already exist in a state of perfection. 
Why should I concern myself with its pursuit. Can I make myself perfect? 
Should I try?" Yume remained quiet and Ikuma resumed pacing. "It is a 
paradox to be sure. Ask any two random philosophers and they will give 
you a different answer. Four more will think that each is right, and 
eight more will think the same thing for different reasons. Perfection 
does not concern me. Only knowledge concerns me. Seek knowledge, seek 
truth, and you will go far here. This is my promise and my challenge."

                                   * * *

People on campus joked that the Academy was ancient when the universe 
was new. Looking out over the city from one of its many raised walkways, 
Washu could almost believe them. The interior of the department grounds 
was far vaster than she would have expected. The modern buildings she had 
seen were metal and wood, but the vast majority of the inveterate 
institution was stone of a composition Washu had never seen. Great rough-
hewn pillars stretched leagues into the sky. Massive arches spanned the 
equivalent of small cities, adorned with massive spheres of polished 
metal that blazed like miniature stars in the light of the Academy sun. 
And, of course, you never knew when you were looking at someone's 
doctoral thesis. Large plateaus hovered kilometers above the ground. It 
was as much a pan-cultural work of art -- an aesthetic triumph of 
classical beauty -- as it was a science experiment.

Washu's contemplation was interrupted by the sound of familiar footsteps.

"Washu-chan!"

"Hello, Naja," Washu said, without turning. She knew what she would see: 
Naja's beaming smile just about splitting her face.

Naja vaulted up to sit atop the stone barrier that Washu was leaning 
against. The scattered students below, tiny from this height, did not 
appear to intimidate her. "So how was your first day of classes?"

Washu shrugged. "A bit fundamental, isn't it?"

Naja laughed. "You'll get over it. Here." She flicked her wrist and a 
dark pocket of subspace opened between them. Naja reached in and 
retrieved two tall drinks. "Are you underage for this chemical? I forget"

Washu closed her eyes for a moment, then smirked. She appeared to flicker 
briefly. "Not anymore."

Naja looked puzzled. Washu changed the subject. "That's a neat 
dimensional pocket trick. Took me two months to figure it out."

Naja frowned. "It took me four years."

"Oh. Um ... so how was your first day?"

Naja brightened, displaying a relaxed grin. "If you advance as fast as 
everyone says you will, you'll find out soon enough. What did you think 
of Ikuma sensei? Did he give his lecture about how it's better to 
approach God through truth than perfection?"

"Something like that. It sounds like something my ... the Reverend Mother 
would say."

Naja finished draining her cup. "Meet any boys yet?"

Washu laughed. "I'm not interested in that sort of thing. I didn't have 
many options growing up on a frontier monastery."

"That's what they <all> say," Naja giggled. "You know, I think you're 
going to like it here, Washu-chan."

Washu looked out over the campus. Somewhere, beyond the praxeum grounds, 
the sun would just be meeting the horizon. "You know?" she said. "You 
just might be right."



=========================================================================
CONTINUED IN: Washu's Lullaby - Part III: The Lover
=========================================================================