=========================================================================

DISCLAIMER: This is one part of a multi-part story. It has been modified
as a .txt document for the Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive
(www.tmffa.com) and can be viewed with its original bold/italics at
FanFiction.Net (www.fanfiction.net).

"Tenchi Muyo!", Washu, and all related images and properties are (c)
Pioneer and AIC Animation. This is a work of fan-fiction. The author has
received no monterary compensation. Any attempt to profit from this
document in any way is punishable by law.

To leave feedback, send fan-art, or make arrangements to host this fic on
your website, please contact me at takisjoh@msu.edu

=========================================================================

                              WASHU'S LULLABY
                           A "Tenchi Muyo!" Novel

                                     by
                                 John Takis

=========================================================================

                                - PART VII -
                                 THE MOTHER

=========================================================================



                           5,000 YEARS LATER ...



For an Academy world, Todain was unusually still. Almost the entire 
planet was natural wilderness -- not entirely natural, since it had been 
carefully cultivated over the millennia to sustain a staggering range of 
climates and terrains, from verdant jungles to blistering deserts and 
deep oceans. The only overt signs of technology were cylindrical towers 
that had been subtly camouflaged at specially designated points across 
the planet. These housed the necessary equipment to generate fields that 
could modify the local atmosphere and hem in some of the more dangerous 
species. Todain was a preserve world, and to it had been brought 
thousands of life forms from across the galaxy -- many extinct on their 
planet of origin. There was no mass-transit; no aerial structures over-
head; no omnipresent hum of exotic machinery; only the sounds of nature 
in all its multifarious forms.

It was the perfect environment for hunting.

In one particular field near the equator, a hssygyth sat hunched over a 
shallow stream, searching for fish. It's red-and-brown striped tail, 
barbed at the end, twitched fitfully as it stared into the crystal-clear 
water with piercing turquoise eyes. Its ears were pressed flat against 
the side of its head, indicating aggression. Its heavily-muscled arms 
were perfectly still, but the retractable claws of its forepaws dug 
spasmodically into the loamy earth of the bank.

As it waited for a fish to grow close enough to strike, its attention was 
distracted by an amorphous shape moving along the stream bottom. It was 
similar in size to a fish, but rounder, and without distinctive 
appendages or fins. Only two tiny spots that might have been eyes 
suggested animal characteristics ... that and the fact that the shape 
appeared to be moving of its own volition, and not simply drifting with 
the current. After several seconds of observation, the hssygyth was quite 
sure of this. Deciding it was worth investigating, it lifted a massive 
paw.

Abruptly, a brilliant purple energy field descended around the predator. 
It's strike landed prematurely, glancing off an unyielding beam. Sparks 
flew, and the creature whirled inside its artificial cage.

Washu was standing behind it. "I wouldn't do that," she said, winking. 
"That nasty little thing would've blown your arm off!" The massive 
carnivore snarled at her, baring enormous fangs. She ignored it and 
squatted down by the river bank. She angled her wide-brimmed safari hat 
to prevent it from falling off, then rested her elbows on her khaki 
shorts and looked into the water. The blob was still there, exploring the 
rocky stream bed. Any attack on the apparently harmless creature known as 
a "Mass" or <Masu>, would have resulted in a severe anti-matter reaction. 
Washu reached into her backpack and pulled out a clear canister that had 
been specially fortified. Keeping it's rim just above the water level, 
she held it over the <Masu> and activated a minor subspace field that 
sucked the creature up along with a quantity of water. An energy field 
flashed across the transparent surface of the holding device, and she 
nodded in satisfaction. "How did you escape this time? I swear I'll find 
out! This is a sensitive ecosystem, don'tcha know?"

Hopping three meters into the air, Washu landed flawlessly on her trans-
port pod. With a motion of her hand she released the hssygyth. It jumped 
at her in annoyance, missing by a pawsbreadth. "Oh, shoo!" she scolded. 
It gave one last snarl then retreated into the nearby underbrush. Washu 
shook her head. Clasping the <Masu> tightly between her hands, she began 
the short trip back to her compound.

As a protected world, Todain enjoyed an unusual amount of privacy. Apart 
from the occasional emergency supply post, there were only two functional 
facilities on the planet. One of these was an all-purpose facility 
floating several kilometers above the ground. Though mobile when 
necessary, it spent most of its time in the upper hemisphere, at the epi-
center of life-form distribution, hovering over a "neutral zone" which 
was kept clear of all life in the event that the station needed to make 
an emergency landing. From here, specially trained students and 
professors performed constant planetary maintenance, tailoring the 
environmental needs of specific zones where necessary and tracking 
research subjects. Occasionally, a scientist would receive permission to 
study a protected species outside its environment, at which point life-
form capture specialists would make field excursions.

The second permanent facility was Washu's private station near the 
equator. As Director Emeritus, she enjoyed special privileges (extending 
to the exclusive use of entire worlds), including complete access to 
protected worlds like Todain. With its high level of privacy and the 
opportunities for life-form research, she had taken an instant liking to 
it. Immersing herself in her work, Washu had all but shut off ties to the 
rest of the Academy, gleaning most of her news from Kagato, who served as 
her assistant and made regular trips to the outside.

Washu's pod entered her station through a rim-side port. She scanned the 
horizon as the bay door closed behind her. There was no sign of Kagato's 
shuttle; only the far-distant gleam that was the Soja, hanging in low 
orbit. <Patience,> she reminded herself as the natural light was closed 
off, replaced by the sterile glow of overhead lamps. <You have enough to 
do for the time being.> Tossing her large hat into the air, Washu 
summoned her lab coat and slipped it on.

The first order of business was to return the <Masu> to its tank. Easily 
accomplished: it was on the way to her main workstation. Hopping up to 
the roof of the massive aquarium, she fed the portable container into a 
cylindrical slot. She jumped back down to the floor and watched as the 
lone <Masu> oriented itself and swam to rejoin its brethren. The <Masu> 
were not native to Todain. It was Naja who had discovered them, sensing 
the potential for genetic adaptability. Washu had discovered that they 
were capable of withstanding enormous energies ... and of producing them. 
Her whole body quivered with excitement. The escape and capture had been 
an untimely diversion. Now was the time when her work would be put to the 
ultimate test.

Moving into her inner sanctum, Washu flipped a switch near the door. 
Instantly, the room was bathed in a deep purple light. In the center of 
the room rested a mechanical basin about a meter high and two meters 
wide. It was surrounded by six stubby control panels that curved up from 
the floor and merged with the cauldron-like interior, which was filled to 
the brim with a thick and oddly luminescent green gel. Peering into the 
depths, Washu allowed herself a wide smile. She activated a panel on the 
rim and the gel began to drain. At the same time, the base of the vat, 
which rested well below floor-level, began to rise.

Then the shape emerged. Washu felt her chest swelling with motherly pride. 
"Ryoko," she whispered, admiring the healthy sheen of ivory skin and the 
muscular vigor they contained; the hair like hers, only more gracefully 
proportioned, its natural blue-green hue shimmering icily in the cold 
light. The figure was slumped forward on its knees, unresponsive.

"Root system activate!" Washu commanded. She beamed as Ryoko's eyes slid 
open. Her naked form rose to its full height and she stared blankly ahead. 
Washu stifled a giggle of anticipation, imagining how the newly-formed 
woman would react to such ignominy once full activation of her neural 
pathways took place. For all her careful developmental programming, Washu 
had no idea how her "daughter" would turn out. In all her brilliance; her 
vast knowledge of astral and physical biology; the mysteries of 
personality still thrilled and eluded her.

Ryoko was a hybrid, created from a combination of Washu's own ova, the 
<Masu>, and the arcane science that had produced Kagato. Naja and Washu 
had researched it together, delving into deeper mysteries than anyone had 
dared go ... and no one followed. Had they revealed anything to the 
Academy, especially under the control of the Jurai ... the ensuing chaos 
would have swallowed worlds. So they had worked in secret, never storing 
their data as electronic information but all of it written and hidden 
away. They had made a pact: the revolutionary science would not go beyond 
the two of them. Kagato had come first while Washu had waited for an 
opportunity to establish a being that would be capable of handling the 
energies she would bestow upon it. After the <Masu>, it became only a 
matter of time.

At last the raw elements were done: a body that demonstrated motor 
functions; a mind that proved capable of interpreting information. What 
work remained -- balancing the internal mechanisms, stabilizing the brain 
functions -- would be complex and time-consuming ... but it would be for 
naught if the current test failed. Washu dipped her hand beneath the 
fabric of her shirt and clutched her pendant. The research was sound, but 
no simulation could adequately mimic the pattern of the gems. There was 
only one test, and if it failed ... If it failed she would try again, 
somehow. The creative hunger deep inside her would not rest until she 
succeeded.

But if she <succeeded> ... ah, there was the mystery. Success would mean 
... something. A rushing towards a future she longed for but did not know. 
It thrilled her and terrified her. It was the future. It was alive.

With the thrill of the living filling her mind, Washu tore the pendant 
from around her neck, casting the gems into the air. "Assimilate now!" 
she cried, her eyes blazing with green fire.

The gems swirled magically in the air around Ryoko, glowing with a light 
so intense Washu had to cover her eyes. A high-pitched tone split the air 
like a scream, but whether it was the gems, Ryoko or Washu herself she 
could not tell. Ryoko's head jerked back as something struck her neck. 
Her arms flung out to either side, points of light fixed at her wrist, 
and her whole body seemed to glow with an almost divine radiance. In the 
brightness, Washu managed to make out an energy reading. "Impossible!" 
she said, the word swallowed up by the noise of the light.

Then the light faded. Ryoko's arms fell to her side, eyes closed. 
Quickly, Washu ran a complete diagnostic. Perfect stability. She screamed 
in joy, capering madly about the room like a child on Startica. "Yes! 
Yes! Yes! She's alive! And a sub-Light Hawk event! I can't believe it!" 
She stopped and ran over to the vat, where Ryoko was still suspended. 
"Her access to the gems appears to be uninhibited. And this is only the 
beginning! Yes! Oh, my little Ryoko! I'm so proud of you!" She was 
babbling, but she didn't care. "Oh, but we mustn't leave you standing 
there for too long! We wouldn't want to risk damage to your system!" 
Washu stretched out a hand. The three points of light across Ryoko's body 
glowed softly, then shifted apart from the flesh and flew to her waiting 
palm. She dropped them back into the pendant and closed it. After keying 
in a brief code, the platform on which Ryoko stood began to sink. "Back 
into the goo for you, my girl," Washu crooned. She watched as Ryoko sank 
to a prostrate position and green liquid began to fill the tank.

"Did I miss something?" came a male voice from behind her.

Washu turned. "Oh, Kagato! Don't sneak up on me like that! I didn't hear 
you come in."

He gave a casual shrug. "My apologies, professor. You seemed distracted."

"What kept you?" she asked.

Kagato raised a hand to his temple, affecting a headache. "Galaxy Police 
activity slowed me down. There's been another museum robbery."

"I hadn't heard."

"The new Grand Marshall is stepping up investigations on such crimes. 
Commendable sense of duty, but it can get annoying. Three space lanes 
were closed."

Washu held a hand up to her chin in thought. "The Grand Marshall ... he's 
from Seniwa, isn't he?"

"Yes. The son of a very prestigious family, so I hear. Why?"

"No reason," she said. "Enough chit-chat. Do you have it?"

He reached beneath his robes and handed her a small storage card. "It's 
all here, ready for the databank. Yakage sends his thanks, by the way. I 
don't think he's ever had a chance to work on a specimen quite like 
Ryoko."

Washu tapped the card against her temple. "I'll thank him when it works! 
Let's see what happens." She walked over to a nearby computer system and 
fed the card into a slot. Then she turned to Kagato and held out an open 
hand before closing it. A bright orange beam extended horizontally from 
each side of her clenched fist: short on one end, long on the other, 
leaving a small gap of air between the blade and the skin of her hand. 
She swung it vertically so that her eyes were level with the bead of 
energy that hung between her hand and the longer section of blade. 
"Excellent," she said. "This will do nicely. You should have him make you 
one just like it." She released the blade and it vanished. "And what 
about your progress?"

Kagato produced a scroll and held it out for her. "All the higher brain 
functions have been mapped out. I've made some adjustments for the sake 
of stability, and you can see here where I modified the emotional memory 
core."

She frowned. "Why did you do that?"

He looked at her blankly. "It will increase your level of control. I 
thought ..."

"That I'm making a simple automaton? I'm not interested in control, 
Kagato."

He took a step back at the hint of anger in her voice. "Forgive me, 
Professor, I meant no disrespect. Consider that if something were to go 
wrong, you'd need access ..."

She sighed, cutting him off with a wave of her hand. "I'm sorry, Kagato. 
I shouldn't be so testy." Her eyes sparkled and a smile returned to her 
face. "It worked, Kagato! Assimilation was a success!"

He returned the smile. "Congratulations, Professor. You must be very 
proud."

Nodding, she walked over to the vat. "I have just a few more tests to 
perform. The energy from the gems ..."

She felt a hand on her shoulder, and turned. He was smiling down at her 
sympathetically. "You must be exhausted," he said softly. "Why don't you 
let me run the tests while you get some sleep?"

Washu shook her head. "Thanks, but no. I'd rather collect this data 
myself. Besides, I wouldn't want anything to happen to you."

He laughed quietly. "Oh, I don't think ..."

He was cut off by a beeping noise from the far wall. Washu looked up. 
"That's the proximity alert!" Rushing to the wall, she activated a screen.

Kagato followed. "Could it be a student vessel?"

She shook her head. "My spy satellites would have recognized it. This 
looks like poachers."

"How would they have gotten past the Jurai defenses?"

She frowned in annoyance. " This is a consequence of the Academy not 
having their own defense fleet. The kings and queens of Jurai trace their 
ancestry back to pirate lords of ancient times. They still maintain 
relations with some of the less aggressive guilds. Poaching is relatively 
low on their list of crimes. But it won't happen on my watch!" She turned 
to him. "Take the Soja and take care of them. And try not to make a mess 
of it. We're not trying to start a war."

He bowed. "Of course. It shouldn't take me more than a few hours."

Satisfied, she returned to her work once he had gone. While the computers 
ran energy analysis on the gems, she checked the status of the Ryo-ohki 
module. The <Masu> appeared to be adapting well to the mineral compound 
she had prepared. A mischievous grin appeared on her face, and in a fit 
of spontaneity she added a touch of hssygyth DNA. "That ought to give it 
some bite," she whispered, and continued programming.

She had finished several complete strings before she realized that hours 
had passed with no word from Kagato. Trying to contact him, she found the 
communication lines silent. "Strange," she muttered, and went to check 
the proximity detector. There was the Soja's signal, holding steady in 
the area where the poacher ships had been. But there were no energy 
readings. Suddenly anxious, Washu rushed to her own private shuttle.

Outside, the sun had set. Moving through minimal cloud cover, Washu slid 
smoothly through the outer atmosphere and into the black void. Her tiny 
vessel sped towards the target zone. Though she continued to transmit, 
there was still no response from Kagato. The scene that confronted her 
upon arrival was even more perplexing.

The Soja floated dead in space, vast alabaster hulls gleaming silently in 
the starlight like the distended ribcage of some behemoth crustacean. It 
was ringed by a spheroid cloud of mechanical debris ... the scattered 
wreckage of the poacher vessels. Washu inhaled a quick breath. <What went 
wrong? Kagato should have had no trouble chasing them off.> Pulling back 
on the controls, she angled for the Soja's hangar. The doors opened at 
her signal. <Well at least the ship is functional. Is Kagato still 
aboard?> She checked her scanner. There were no readings of any kind, 
positive or negative. "I guess I'll just have to do it the old-fashioned 
way."

The Soja was a mammoth ship with a labyrinthine interior not unlike the 
layout of a brain. Specifically, it had been designed to fit Kagato's 
thought patterns and personality. She had once joked with him that it 
even had a dark side, referring to the "reverse world" of the ship -- a 
highly sophisticated inverted dimensional overlay of her own design.

With so much ground to cover, she decided to start at the center: 
Kagato's inner sanctum. It was a chapel he had made, offered not to any 
god but to the Soja -- itself a reflection if its owner. Washu had helped 
install the towering pipe-organ where Kagato would sit and play during 
moments of reflection. From the adjacent chair he could command the 
entire ship. If he were to be found anywhere, that was the logical place 
to look.

But the cavernous heart of the ship was empty: Washu could tell from the 
moment she passed through the interlocking walls that served as a gateway. 
Frustration welled up in her. Hovering several feet off the ground, she 
sped across the long aisle towards the throne, glancing between the 
massive stone columns that rose from the floor on either side. Kagato had 
always had an eye for beauty. Rows of the columns extended into the dark-
ness on either side of the room, leading to other sections of the ship. 
But there was no sign of her student. She reached the end of the hall and 
quickly ascended the steps to the chair.

She was about to sit and access the main system when something on the 
chair caught her eye. It was a tiny scrap of paper, on which was written 
a single word. She picked it up. "Beneath," she read. The reverse world! 
Her eyes fell on the glassy surface of the room's main floor. The 
reflection concealed an alternate dimension. But the thoroughfare between 
the parallel worlds was one-way. If Kagato were not there, she would be 
stranded.

But there was the note. What other possibility was there? Walking down 
the stairs, Washu stepped on to the smooth surface and sank through the 
floor.

She ascended into an exact duplicate of the command room, only darker. 
This was Kagato's sanctum of sanctums ... a realm where he was entirely 
his own master, working in complete privacy on his own theories and 
inventions. He had insisted on its creation, and Washu had designed it 
gladly as a gift in recognition of his independence as a scholar. She had 
not actually visited it in quite some time, consumed as she was with her 
own work. Kagato hadn't seemed to mind. He had always been fairly 
reclusive.

Looking around, she was actually surprised at the apparent barrenness of 
it. The floor and columns all seemed unchanged. The most significant 
difference was the absence of the enormous pipe-organ. Where the command 
chair would have been, an odd device had been constructed. It was a 
series of angular metal struts, several meters tall. They appeared to 
form a rough ring around a raised platform.

It was in the center of that platform, bathed in a shaft of pale light, 
that Kagato's prostrate form lay. "Kagato!" Washu cried, rushing up to 
his body. He was face down, and his spine was twisted at an awkward angle. 
"What happened to you?!" She reached out to touch his shoulder.

Her hand never touched cloth. Instead, there was a rush of energy as the 
form beneath her dissipated. "A shadow?" she hissed. All around her, the 
tall metal struts began to hum. Before she could act, she found herself 
wrenched around to face the center of the room, her feet bolted to the 
floor. There, not five meters away, stood Kagato. She blanched at the 
self-satisfied grin on his face. The expression written in his eyes was 
clear.

Betrayal.

To her horror, he began to laugh. It was a chilling sound. She had not 
heard him laugh in that fashion except in moments of extreme cynicism or 
scorn. And now there was a hint of triumph. "What do you think, 
Professor? Quite ingenious, isn't it?"

She did not respond, still numbly grappling with the vile act of apostasy 
and its implications. Her work ... her important work ...

He seemed to read her mind. "Painful, isn't it? How vulnerable we become 
when we form emotional attachments."

She swallowed, and her throat hurt suddenly. How to account for such 
treachery? "What do you want?" she demanded.

His eyes narrowed. "There's no need to shout. What do I want? I think you 
know." His gaze drifted down to her chest and the pendant that hung there.

<The gems!> She thought. Here, in Kagato's world, she was cut off from 
the power of her lab, as well as from any energies she might draw from 
her environment. If she could draw on the power of the gems, perhaps she 
could negate the field ...

"I wouldn't do that," he stated calmly. "Any force you exert inside that 
field will only be reflected back at you. And you have no way to absorb 
it. Why don't you make things easier on yourself and give me the gems?"

Her face blazed with fury. "Why are you doing this, Kagato? What do you 
hope to accomplish? Is this about revenge?"

His booming laughter filled the room. "Revenge? Oh, Professor, how obtuse 
of you." His lips curled into a cruel sneer. "Revenge for what? Naja was 
<weak>! She allowed herself to be sacrificed to a race of pirates and 
fools calling themselves lords of space. No, this is not about revenge. 
It is about superiority. <My> superiority. What you threw away in order 
to be just ... like ... them. You disgust me." His smile vanished. "Now 
<give me the gems>!"

"I should have seen this coming," Washu said coldly. "All the signs were 
there. But I was too distracted ... too caught up in my work. I trusted 
you."

He smirked. "Then perhaps I've taught <you> a lesson."

"The gems are mine. I'll never give them up."

"Oh really?" his face contorted into a smile. "Not even to your latest 
creation?" He flung his cape wide and an image appeared in the air next 
to him. Washu lurched forward in panic. It was Ryoko, awake, standing 
upright. Her yellow eyes were wide with confusion and disorientation.

"What have you done?!" she cried. "She's not ready yet! You'll kill her!"

As if to confirm her words, Ryoko bent over in sudden pain. Her mouth 
worked soundlessly, her mind lacking a language to describe what was 
happening to her. Washu's fists clenched in fury. Kagato only laughed.

"You see, Professor? Weak. But I'll make you a deal. Give me the gems and 
I'll spare her life. Her and the rest of your creations."

"Why should I trust you to keep your word?" she yelled.

He raised a cautionary finger. "Take care. Time grows short." The image 
of Ryoko began to asphyxiate, clutching at her throat.

Washu's spirit sank desperately. She held the gems in front of her, then 
looked at Kagato. An image from the past flashed into her mind: Naja, 
holding the gems ... She looked at the force-field surrounding her. This 
was Kagato's world ... if Kagato was sufficiently distracted ...

She bowed her head in a display of resignation. "Take them," she said in 
a small voice, and tossed the gems into the air.

Kagato grinned maniacally. "At last," he breathed, raising his left hand. 
The gems flew unharmed through the force-field and into his ready grasp. 
He held them up to his face, basking in their red glow. "Magnificent," he 
said and closed his eyes. "Now, Professor, you will see WONDERS!" He rose 
up off the ground, reaching for the power.

His hand exploded.

Green bolts of energy lanced from Kagato's wrist and he screamed in pain 
and shock. Washu waited no longer to make her move. She threw herself 
against the field, feeling it buckle beneath even her slight weight. But 
Kagato did not remain distracted for long. His mouth twisted into a 
furious grimace. "Oh, very <good>, Professor. But I think not!" With his 
right hand, he hurled a projectile at her. It was a golden plate carved 
in the shape of an eagle, inset with three green stones and entwined by 
two silver snakes . It passed through the field and struck her full in 
the chest. She flew back against the rear shield, which had stabilized. 
The combined impacts forced the breath out of her with an explosive 
<whoosh>. As she gasped for air, beams of energy curled out from the 
plate, binding her arms to her sides.

Kagato turned his attention to his empty wrist. Through the pain, Washu 
observed that his sleeve was empty. Her eyes widened in surprise. 

"Yess," he hissed. "As you can see, I've grown beyond the limitations of 
my programming. You were very foolish to think you could conceal my true 
potential." He opened a dimensional pocket and withdrew a replacement 
glove, which he pulled over the empty space where his hand should have 
been. "Now," he said, advancing on her. "Tell me how to access the power 
of the gems!"

"You can't," she coughed. "Only ... only Ryoko."

"You lie!"

"No!" She struggled to her feet. "No. You were designed to be incom-
patible. If you want access to the gems, you'll have to keep Ryoko 
alive."

They faced each other in silence for several seconds, neither of them 
backing down. Finally, Kagato smiled again. "Very well. It seems I may 
have reason to keep Ryoko intact after all. Someday I may even complete 
her for you. Would you like that?"

Washu was silent.

He laughed. "Yes ... perhaps someday. But in the meantime I can be 
patient. I still have the gems. What's more, I have your databank. 
Perhaps I can find new uses for them. And then, of course, there is my 
search."

Bits of information began to come together in Washu's mind. "You're the 
one who's been pulling off those robberies. Why?"

"Have you forgotten? You gave me the idea, Professor. Do you recall my 
graduate thesis? Tsunami is not the only source of god-like powers in the 
universe. Now that I'm a renegade, I've got a lot of time on my hands." 
His wild laughter echoed off the distant columns.

"You won't find anything," Washu said.

It didn't appear to bother him. "Perhaps not," he said almost cheerfully. 
"I may be forced to concentrate my energies on your work instead." Some-
thing lustful appeared in his eyes. "And then there is Tsunami Unit ... I 
have a feeling your notes will be most revealing, Professor." He took a 
step back. "In the meantime ... sleep."

Washu cried out in pain as the fields that bound her intensified and she 
was drawn upwards to hover several meters above the floor. The last thing 
her eyes saw before the lids sagged shut was the air around her beginning 
to crystallize. And then there was only darkness.

                                  * * *

     At first the silence was dark and unbearable and her mind rushed to 
     fill it with sights and sounds. All the details of her life flashed 
     before her eyes in a seemingly random jumble of words, feelings and 
     images. She was in her husband's arms, the arms of the Reverend 
     Mother, laughing with Naja, buried beneath the snow. There would be 
     long periods when she was aware of her current situation. During 
     these times, she was at her bleakest, fitfully analyzing every 
     detail of what had gone wrong ... hopelessly searching for a way 
     out ... and finding none.

     Eventually she learned to sleep: to turn her mind inside out and 
     dream. But the dreams too often became nightmares. She was drowning, 
     she was cold, and sometimes there was a figure she knew but did not 
     recognize, reaching out with a dead hand to seize her. Then she 
     would be left with the haunting image of fathomless gray eyes and 
     an unnerving sense of helplessness.

     Time had no meaning. There was no past; no future; everything was 
     the present and it did not end.

     Once she found herself lost in an endless mist and encountered 
     herself.

     "Hello," the other said. "I'm surprised to find you here."

     "Why?" she said.

     "Because this never happened," said the other.

     "No," she said.

     "Yes. It never did happen."

     "Why aren't you in here? How did you get outside?"

     The other regarded her with serious eyes. "I've always been out-
     side. None of this is real, you know. This reality. There is 
     another place, where everything is different. Where Ryoko is not 
     your daughter and no one ever took a son and Naja never existed so 
     she never left you and Kagato has nothing to do with you and the 
     gems aren't there and you sleep at night."

     "Go away," she said.

     And the other did. And she slept -- learned to sleep without 
     dreaming. To float in quiet, empty darkness.

     She slept for a thousand years. And kept sleeping.

                                  * * *

     AND THEN THERE WAS LIGHT.

     There was light and pain and confusion and Kagato was there in 
     front of her he was talking to her shouting at her beating her 
     there were blows against her skin but she didn't feel them he was 
     in her mind telling her how to feel and what to think and she was 
     ryoko, yes, I am Ryoko, RYOKO the demon-summoner ...

     <I am ... not ...>

     <He's awakened Ryoko.> It was the first cogent thought she had 
     formed since time began again. <I am Washu.> The gems ...

     <The gems. I have the gems no Ryoko no yes yes the gems. The light 
     it moves it bends its in my head. Ryoko sees and feels and hears. 
     I know everything. Oh god, it hurts ... why doesn't she feel? Am I 
     a slave? I AM a slave. NO! He is a cruel master. NO! I am 
     worthless ...

     <I am ...

     <I am WASHU! HEAR ME, RYOKO! What? There! Yes! No ... no ... I 
     scream, there are no ears.

     <He's blocked the connection on her end but he can't block it on my 
     end. He's closed her ears but I can hear. No voice. Have to wait. 
     Too much pain. Keep waiting. No voice now. Have to sleep ...

     <Daughter ... wait ...>

     Sleep ...

                                  * * *

 

In Space Calendar Year 10212, Kagato struck.

2,000 years of unbroken peace had caused the Jurai to become confident. 
The king, Azusa, was away; and with him, many of the more powerful first 
and second-generation Imperial ships. It was to the astonishment of the 
Jurai that the sky above their homeworld turned red, lit with flame and 
ruin. And amidst it all a starship formed of dark crystal, screaming 
through the sky, heading for Tenjyu: the Royal Palace. 

A pillar of fire flashed across the sky, consuming three fourth-
generation Imperial ships in its wake. Ryo-ohki sped through the devas-
tation and moved on.

On the bridge of the ship stood Ryoko, her arms crossed and a smile on 
her face. Her emerald hair bristled and her slit-eyes were laced with 
gold. Visible within her red-and-black battle suit were the three gems, 
one on each wrist and one on her neck. She tossed back her head and 
laughed wildly at the exhilaration of the battle. "Come on! I'm waiting! 
If you're not going to cooperate, I'll just have to destroy you first! 
I'll take you all on!"

Immediately ahead, the fleet gathered about the Royal Palace, forming a 
second line of defense: two ships from the third generation and several 
others from the fourth. Ryo-ohki plunged ahead with no hesitation. 
Suddenly, lights flashed across the bridge and sensors were momentarily 
jammed. Ryoko watched as three wings of pure energy extended from each of 
the third-generation ships. Ryo-ohki ran up against a wall of power and 
stopped.

Ryoko clicked her tongue. "So ... the Light-Hawk Wings, huh?" But Kagato 
had prepared her for such an eventuality. She laughed fiercely as the 
fleet began to push her ship upwards in an attempt to force her out into 
space. "What's this, an attack?" she sneered. "Fools! Did you think it 
was that easy?"

Her gems blazed red, and the Light-Hawk Wings vanished. The two third-
generation ships, which had moved to either side to flank her, were blown 
backwards with the force of a hurricane. Ryoko grinned smugly. "This is a 
waste of time -- child's play. Come, Ryo-ohki!" <Kagato was right,> she 
thought. <They never expected power that could operate on the same level 
as their precious Light-Hawk Wings. And they'll never accept it. They 
can't believe anything in the universe is as great as their Royal Tree.>

The remaining ships burned in flame. The second line of defense was 
broken. Ryoko had reached the Tenjyu.

After razing the palace in a hail of fire, Ryoko looked for a good place 
to land. Kagato had provided her with maps of the palace, and a garden 
near the central corridor looked promising.

But before she could land, a nearby docking door exploded from the inside 
and a new ship emerged. Ryoko ran a quick scan. This one was different: a 
second-generation vessel. She smiled. At last, a challenge. "Now we'll 
have some fun."

As she opened fire, Light-Hawk Wings materialized to protect the ship. 
Ryoko braced for impact, but it was all her opponent could do to absorb 
Ryo-ohki's energy blasts. She laughed. "That ship is barely new!" she 
marveled. "With an inexperienced pilot at that!" Grinning in delight, she 
opened a communications channel to the other ship. "Hey, over there, need 
any help?"

Ryoko was surprised when the image of a girl flashed onto the screen. By 
her dress and the style of her long purple hair, she was certainly no 
warrior. She appeared to be struggling with the controls, as if having 
difficulty steering. "I can handle this!" she screamed. "I am Princess 
Ayeka of the Imperial House Masaki, and this is the second-generation 
ship Ryuoh! I order you to surrender at once, you fiend!"

Ryoko howled with laughter, easing up on Ryo-ohki's offense and allowing 
the "princess" a few close-shots. "Come on," she taunted. "Are you trying 
to hit me, or what?" The provocation prompted an inarticulate cry of rage 
from Ayeka, and one powerful blast came too close.

Ryoko retaliated with a stream of powerful blasts. Most of them were 
reflected and absorbed by the Light Hawk Wings, but one shot past Ryuoh 
to land in the garden below.

Ayeka screamed in rage. "My favorite garden! You ... you ... I won't 
forgive you, you pirate!"

"Oh yeah?" Ryoko grinned cruelly. "So that's your favorite garden, huh? 
Ha!" Moving away from Ryuoh, she rained fire towards the thick cluster of 
flowers and trees that hung out from the main trunk of the palace.

"No! Stop it!" Ayeka cried. "That garden is the place for me and Yosho! 
Please stop it!!!" Ryoko only laughed. "Burn you!"

Ryuoh focussed all of its power on Ryo-ohki. The Light-Hawk Wings which 
had previously only served a defensive-function gathered above the center 
of the ship for a direct attack. But before the operation was complete, 
the unit controller overloaded; the unfinished ship was unable to bear 
the full power of the Royal Tree. Beams of energy erupted from within 
Ryuoh, one of them striking the garden full force, causing it to detach 
from the palace. The structure plunged to the distant ground, leaving a 
massive hole in the palace wall. "Oh no!" Ayeka cried. On the screen, her 
larger-than-life face stared at Ryoko with pure, unbridled fury. One last 
energy beam grazed Ryo-ohki before Ryuoh shut down completely.

Happy, Ryoko shut off the communication. "How scary," she snickered. "She 
really is the a princess of a pirate nation! So frightful when she loses 
control. I'll leave her to you, Ryo-ohki." She vanished, teleporting to 
the breach in the palace below.

Ten Jurai warriors wearing elite armor were waiting for her. Instead of 
rushing to meet them, Ryoko sat casually on the broken wall, her form 
silhouetted against the ruddy sky. Her eyes glowed red as she surveyed 
her opposition. With a derisive laugh, she raised her right hand. As the 
warriors watched in shock and awe, a spectral monster rose up behind her, 
four red eyes bulging above a mouth full of teeth.

She was Ryoko, the demon-summoner. Her smile spread wide as the warriors 
fled down the hall, pursued by the raging spirit-creature. Hopping 
lightly down from her perch, she raced down the corridor in the opposite 
direction. Had she looked behind, through the gap in the wall she would 
have seen a new ship descending from the clouds like an angel, moving 
into combat with Ryo-ohki. Had she remembered Kagato's detailed briefing, 
she would have recognized it as Funaho.

It didn't take her long to reach the gate-hall of the royal trees. Some-
where, beyond those towering blue doors, was Tsunami. To her surprise, 
the doors were just closing, as if someone had been passing through. "You 
there!" she cried out. "Stop!" But the doors slammed shut. Angrily, she 
tossed forward several balls of explosive energy. They impacted against 
the doors, but made no imprint. "Okay," she growled. "How about this?" 
She summoned all her power to make a concentrated blast.

Then the gems at her neck and wrists began to glow, and pain overtook her. 
She screamed, her body going completely rigid. She threw her neck back 
and howled in agony. This was a pain such as she had never experienced: 
worse than even Kagato's punishments.

Grappling with the inexplicable torment, Ryoko stood as if in a dream, 
detached from her own mind. Her body remained in one place, but her 
vision seemed to move beyond the gate. Somewhere, she heard a falling 
ship crash into the side of the palace. And she saw a tiny shape ... 
falling ...

She was somewhere else entirely, not in the hall at all. Where her body 
was, she did not know. What force moved her mind, she could not say. 
Below her lay the broken body of a little girl. A stream of blood ran 
down the island on which it lay to touch the clear water below. Every-
thing was dark, and in the center of the darkness stood a small tree.

<"What are you doing, Tsunami?">

Ryoko was dumbfounded. The voice seemed to come from within her, but it 
was not her own. The body of the girl began to shimmer with unworldly 
energy. Ryoko almost lost herself in the pain.

<"Keeping a promise,"> came an answering voice. The words seemed to come 
from the air, but the lips of the dying girl moved with them. The atmo-
sphere around the tree became ripe, saturated with life. It was almost 
like ... like a womb, Ryoko thought. Her mind spun as if in a trance.

<"Let us meet again ... Tsunami."> 

Abruptly, Ryoko was torn back into her body. She blinked. She was 
standing in the gate hall. How much time had passed? And what had 
happened? She became aware of a figure standing behind her. He was a 
young man, wearing the robes of Jurai royalty. His rich black hair framed 
a noble face, a bound tail extending down each temple in a fashion not 
unlike Kagato's. In his hand he held a sword of glowing blue light.

"You must be Ryoko," he said coolly. "I am Yosho, First Prince of Jurai. 
You cannot enter here. Leave, now."

Still in shock from her out-of-body experience, Ryoko only stared. Yosho 
raised his sword and made a slash at her. She avoided it reflexively, 
stumbling backwards. He advanced, hesitating slightly as she held up her 
hands as if to ward off an attack. The pause gave her time to collect 
herself, and she released a barrage of destructive energy. Yosho met them 
with his sword. The resulting explosion blew them both backwards. Ryoko 
smashed through the wall and into the open space outside the palace. It 
was only then, falling through the air, that she finally regained full 
consciousness. The gems throbbed within her.

"What ... what am I doing?" she whispered.

<"Tsunami can no longer be controlled.">

"What?"

The voice came from her own mind. No, not her mind ... the gems ... the 
gems!

<"There is nothing I can do here. Not now.">

Ryoko was confused. "What do you mean? Who <are> you?" But the voice had 
faded, and there was no response. "Damn!" Gathering her powers, she 
ceased her descent. "Ryo-ohki!" The angular battleship rushed to the 
space above her, emitting a tractor-beam that drew her inside. "Let's get 
out of here," she whispered. With a wild cry, Ryo-ohki sped towards 
the stars.

Below, Yosho had found his way to the original breach where the garden 
had been. He was just in time to see Ryoko being taken into her ship. 
"She's fast," he breathed, and immediately summoned Funaho.

Ayeka ran up behind him. "Brother Yosho! Wait!"

He turned to look at her, but did not wait. "I will capture Ryoko," he 
said. Then he leapt at Funaho and disappeared.

                                  * * *

"Sasami! Where are you, Sasami!"

In the hall of the Royal Trees, Sasami's nanny called out desperately as 
she searched for her missing charge. The child, hardly more than a 
toddler, had disappeared just prior to the attack. <Why must she always 
get into such mischief?> If something had harmed Lady Seto's youngest 
granddaughter ... the nanny's face contorted with pain at the very 
thought. The green-haired matriarch would have her heart. Clasping her 
hands together, she offered a silent prayer to Tsunami.

As if in response, the gates to the Royal Trees cracked open and a tiny, 
blue-haired figure emerged. "Sasami!" the nanny cried. "There you are!"

"Mama!" cried the girl, running to her nanny as fast as her tiny legs 
could manage.

"Princess Sasami," the nanny breathed, eyes shimmering with concern. "Is 
my little princess alright?"

"Yes," Sasami said.

"Oh ..." Relief flooded the nanny, and she drew Sasami into a protective 
embrace.

Consequently, she did not see the two dots imprinted on the girl's fore-
head glow and vanish, to be replaced with two symmetrical triangles: the 
seal of the First Tree of Jurai.

                                  * * *

<Failure to retrieve Tsunami Unit. What will Kagato say to that?> thought 
Ryoko. She was sprawled loosely over the command chair on Ryo-ohki's 
bridge, watching the stars fly by. <Just make your report and tell him 
the truth. It doesn't matter what he thinks. It's his problem. I'm just 
his tool, and tools don't need emotions. I have nothing to worry about.>

Kagato had lectured her many times on the importance of accuracy, and the 
necessity of perfectly obeying and executing his orders. He had never 
instructed her regarding emotions, except so far as to warn her that they 
must not interfere with her work. When she did display any sort of 
feeling one way or another, he would study it with a clinical detachment, 
as if she were nothing more than an experiment.

She had accepted her place. But after so much contact with the outside 
world ... eventually, she had come to see herself as a singular indivi-
dual. With that knowledge came a desire to feel emotion. It was difficult 
given her line of work. She felt no guilt when she killed; it was never 
an act of meaningless slaughter. There was always some logical purpose, 
some obstacle to remove according to Kagato's design. It brought her no 
joy -- nor, Kagato insisted, should it: for her to experience pleasure 
over death was inefficient. Her sole pleasure must be to serve him well.

And so it was. Good service meant another day free from pain and 
suffering. It meant another day to feel more like a person and less like 
a machine. Occasionally, she would attempt to reach out to other people. 
But she could only do so within the context of carrying out Kagato's 
orders, which limited her options. Her presence almost always inspired 
the same emotions in those she encountered: anger, hate, fear ... in time 
she simply grew bored.

There were a few instances where she actually requested assignments that 
would allow her to gain social experience, but he almost always refused. 
"A pointless waste of time," he would tell her. "I hate complicating 
matters. Such things are more troublesome than they are worth." It made 
her feel like a marionette, entangled in strings that controlled her 
every move.

So she searched for new forms of sensory input whenever she got the 
chance. Drugs had no effect -- which was just as well, since they smelled 
of disease and rotting souls. Intoxicating beverages were assimilated 
instantly by her advanced body systems; these she learned to suppress in 
order to become drunk. She had no sense of taste, and sexual activity of 
any kind gave her no pleasure. There was something in her brain, blocking 
off any arousing sensations. It was, Kagato told her, for her own good. 
She had no choice but to believe him.

Finally, she learned to find amusement in destruction. It was the 
challenge of it. Killing was far too easy; who could hope to defeat her? 
But there were a thousand creative ways to blow something up, and the 
reactions such behavior elicited were priceless. She recalled Ayeka and 
the garden, and the thought made her smile. She actually felt a small 
measure of gratitude towards the princess: it had been a long time since 
she had found anyone that humorous. The next moment, Ryoko was laughing 
loudly.

Lights flashed inside Ryo-ohki, and Ryoko saw that Funaho was still in 
close pursuit. She shifted into a position of readiness. Kagato would 
just have to wait. Perhaps if she brought him the Master Key he would be 
lenient with her. But it would require that she make a stand. Scanning 
her system charts, she selected a backwater blue world in the Solar 
system. It was as good a place as any. She smiled at the thought. Yes 
... the Master Key. It had been years since her last good duel. There 
would be no demon-spirits this time. She would dispatch Prince Yosho 
herself.

                                  * * *

Deep within the confines of the Soja, Washu smiled. She had made contact, 
however brief. Tsunami had made it possible, reaching through the gems to 
call her. Washu had touched her daughters mind, and in the process had 
witnessed something miraculous. <Tsunami is free,> she thought. <And that 
little girl ... what can it mean?>

She drifted away from the link with Ryoko, contemplating recent events in 
silence. Hours passed.

Suddenly, the link was gone. Washu's mind tensed. Instinctively, she cast 
about for any trace of her daughter. There was only silence. For a brief 
moment, she thought that Ryoko might have been killed, and panic filled 
her soul. <But no ... I would have felt it. The gems ... someone must 
have taken the gems. Kagato. But for what purpose? Is it possible he's 
found a way?>

As if in response to her silent question, she found herself in a gray 
emptiness with the tall form of her captor standing before her. But this 
was no figment of her imagination; she could sense that he was tangibly 
present, in mind if not in body.

"Where is she?" he demanded.

"Nice of you to drop by after all these years," she said. "Come for help 
after your <failure> on Jurai?"

He loomed larger over the bleak landscape. "Tell me where she is! What 
have you done with her?"

"I've done nothing!" she retorted. <So it wasn't you after all.> "How 
could I, trapped in here? Only you or the power of Tsunami could have 
removed the gems."

This appeared to placate him, and he looked off to the side. "The royal 
family of Jurai ..."

"Let me go and I'll help you find them," Washu offered.

"You," he snarled, "can remain here in this land of shadows forever! I 
will find what I seek, if it takes me a thousand years."

"You will never possess Tsunami," she said. "She is beyond your power 
now."

Kagato's eyes narrowed. "It's not over yet, Professor. This is only the 
beginning!" With a flourish of his cape, he vanished.

Alone once more, Washu settled back into her dreams. That prince Ryoko 
had confronted ... he had held the Master Key: a direct conduit to 
Tsunami's power. If he had engaged Ryoko in battle and won ... It was a 
possibility. It was no guarantee that Ryoko was alive, but the hope was 
enough. After all, Tsunami was involved, and she had not harmed Ryoko in 
the palace. There was nothing for it but to wait, and so she drifted into 
blissful unconsciousness.

                                  * * *

For the second time, Washu's eyes opened to her daughter's mind. But this 
time there was no pain; this time there was no confusion. There was only 
the indistinct image of a lanky teenage boy, grasping the Master Key. 
Washu smiled. How much time had passed? She delved into her daughter's 
mind for the answer. 700 years. Not a short time, but insignificant when 
placed next to the total span of her life.

She considered what would happen next. Kagato would detect Ryoko, of 
course. He would travel to where she was and attempt to exert control. 
This time he would meet with opposition from Ryoko herself. That know-
ledge surprised Washu. There was something <new> in her daughter ... 
something warm and familiar. There were fresh memories to explore here; 
new emotions to consider. It all whispered of the birth of New Things. 
And in the midst of it all, a name, rising up through the chaos:

<Tenchi ...>



=========================================================================
CONCLUDED IN: Washu's Lullaby - Epilogue
=========================================================================