Ok, by now you know that I don't own these characters, except Marty,Mokona, 
Jubei, and Aemon, but I'm using them in a good, respectful way. Pioneer and AIC 
own the ones not mentioned above and I love them for creating them. Please don't 
sue me. I'm just trying to advance the cause of Anime in America

********************************************************************************

Part 4 : The Ways of the Goddesses: Endgame
Martin Van Assche
"Is this the way the Gods die?"
-Mario Puzo

********************************************************************************

Tokimi saw the battle and the death of her warrior. 

She was not worried. 

She could not be worried. 

Fear is a human condition, and of the Goddesses, Tokimi alone did not possess 
the quality of humanity. Tsunami acquired it in her assimilation with Sasami, 
Washu by living among the human race, but not Tokimi. Her sisters had given up 
much of their powers to acquire it, and since it appeared that her sisters were 
weaker for the possession of this feature, she viewed it as foolish and unwise 
to possess. She did not know the implications of denying such a gift. It's a 
funny thing about people; we have the strangest effect on the universe. Tokimi 
disregarded the image and turned to her servant. 

"Bring him to me," she said. 

D3 disappeared and sped towards Earth.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On the third planet of the star Sol, in the Juraian territories, a unique human 
displayed a uniquely human reaction.

"Dead?... how could this happen?" Ryoko asked, grief-stricken.

 "He gave me this, Ryoko... what could it mean?" Tenchi replied. 

Ryoko examined the paper.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meanwhile, Aeka sobbed hysterically in her room. 

"She-she's gone, it's all my fault. How could I let this happen ... I swear I 
will kill that monster for this."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko looked up at Tenchi. 

"We're going. If this Tokimi could make him do THIS, what else is she capable 
of? We've got to stop this, NOW. You go get Ryo-Ohki, I'll tell Aeka."

"Got it," Tenchi snarled.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko floated up the stairs quietly, contemplating how to tell Aeka about all 
this. She figured the direct approach would be best. 

"Tenchi and I are going put an end to this. You're staying here." 

"Damn you! That bastard killed my sister, though it's not like you care. I'm 
going to destroy him myself! Now get out of my way!" Aeka moved towards the 
door, only to find Ryoko blocking it.

"Let's get something straight, princess. HE didn't do it. I was under Kagato's 
control for a long time, and I did things that I wish I could take back more 
than anything. One of those things was killing Sasami when I attacked Jurai. I'm 
not going to let your sanctimonious anger stop me from righting that. That kid 
was like a sister to me, and if you think I don't care, well, then FUCK YOU.  
I've got a job to do, and you're not a part of it." 

Aeka was not to be moved by the words. She tried to push past Ryoko, only to be 
sucker-punched by the pirate.  

"I am really sorry, Aeka. You have the harder task to perform here. Be brave," 
Ryoko said, as Aeka fell. Ryoko flew out the window to the waiting Ryo-Ohki.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"RYYYYYAAAAAOOOOOWWWW!!!!!" Ryo-Ohki screamed, as she roared towards D3's beacon 
outside the border of Juraian space. A thought surfaced in Ryoko's 
consciousness, as they passed the border and disappeared into D3's jump portal. 

>Abandon all hope, you who enter here< 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Back on Earth, First Class Detective Mihoshi reported the death of the Princess 
Sasami, and departed after Ryo-Ohki in Yukenojo. 

On Jurai, the Royal family left for Earth after the message was received.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When Ryo-Ohki finally landed, she was inside of a giant ballroom, with two 
passages leading off into other rooms. They looked at the passages and at each 
other, then wordlessly began walking. Tenchi took one hall, Ryoko took the 
other, and Ryo-Ohki sat down and waited.

Tenchi arrived at the next room first, and was greeted by the gigantic form of 
D3. 

"Well, the young prince has finally decided to die! How fortunate that it will 
be I who completes the task of slaying the slayer! Let's dance!"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko stepped into an empty room.

"Is this all you've got?" she bellowed, "Show yourself!"

The answer to her summons came from all directions at once.

"So, my brother's little toy-soldier wants to play..." it said in a serpentine 
voice.

Ryoko's blood froze as she processed that information. "Your brother ... no ..."

"I think so, my dear," Aemon said. The darkness in the room focused in the shape 
of a tall man in a cape. "I think so ..." he said, savoring the words, as he 
advanced towards her.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tsunami and Washu finished their work just before dawn. 

"And now, Tsunami, we wait. Funaho can probably sustain him for three days, 
then..."

"Then we will know who will rule this universe," Tsunami finished.

"Right. Let's go get drunk," Washu said.

Tsunami sighed.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi experienced an odd sense of deja vu as D3 attacked.  In a split second, 
he saw his life and all that had happened to him; he saw that he had been on his 
guard since the beginning of his life. He had pushed away everyone and 
everything trying to achieve some sort of inner peace. Then memories came to him 
unbidden, his attempt to escape Ryoko, how by his inaction, he had nearly lost 
her to Kagato, how his indecision was causing the problems that plagued him, and 
he finally realized what he had been doing. He had been running his whole life. 
He had run far too long.

At that instant, everything snapped into place. He made peace with himself. 
Tenchi became an aggressor. He looked into the soul of his opponent and saw his 
fears and agonies, and the black soul of Kain, eldest of the Fallen.

He summoned the Wings of the Light Hawk and, with a terrifying cry, thrust them 
through D3. The servant roared in pain and rage, slashing and pounding on the 
heir of Jurai, but Tenchi kept pushing with all the power he could summon.

"He KILLED her, you bastard! He killed her, and it is YOUR fault." He hissed.

D3 began to collapse from the inside. He evaporated into nothingness, screaming 
all the way until nothing remained but a smoking hole.

Tenchi dropped to his knees and wept. 

>If I could have defeated Kain like this, maybe...<

Then he heard a faint whisper in his mind ... his mother's voice, and looked up. 
There was nothing, but a breeze swept back towards the way he had come. 

>RYOKO!!< He picked up the sword and sprinted back down the passage.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mihoshi arrived in a sphere with a giant gyroscope in the middle. She walked 
around the room, gun drawn, only to trip and throw the gun into the center of 
the three rings. Mihoshi tried to extract the gun from the gyroscope, but only 
succeeded in starting their motion. As they began to spin faster and faster, a 
black mass formed around the center of the sphere, absorbing the gun. The black 
mass solidified into an onyx globe with eight small holes in its surface. 

Tokimi was incapable of panic, but even without that emotion, she saw the need 
for action. She channeled her energies into the globe, forming the obsidian 
stone into the image of herself, then reached out for the detective.

Mihoshi looked around, fiddling with her control cube, when she felt a cold, 
smooth hand grab her by the head. She yelped and twisted away, but the dark 
figure kept a firm grip on her headband and ripped it away...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko could only stand, petrified, as Aemon walked around her, searching. She 
made a desperate telepathic call for Ryo-Ohki, even though she was held still by 
the demon's gaze.

"Kagato did have his faults, but I must admit, he had a fine eye for ... detail 
..." Aemon said, eyeing Ryoko hungrily. 

"He bragged about your ... prowess, shall we say? Oh yes, he spoke of you often. 
It also seems that you were rather inefficient in your last mission, in his own 
words. I think he was simply afraid to challenge that upstart prince. Kagato 
always was a bit of a weakling. Ah, but I digress.

It has been quite a while since I have been in the presence of a woman. The 
mistress said I cause too much trouble when I go out, but I say, what are a few 
... hundred rapes between friends?" Aemon laughed, with all the mirth of a 
thermonuclear device.

"It has been too long ..." he said, running his hand along her thigh and up her 
side, then drawing it away, leaving Ryoko with the distinct feeling that maggots 
had been crawling on her skin.

It was at that moment, Tenchi made his entrance, bearing witness to this act. He 
was on Aemon in a second, slightly wounding him and diverting his attention away 
from holding Ryoko captive. Aemon knocked Tenchi away, but let his guard drop 
for a second. That second was all Ryoko needed.

Seven hundred, one and one-half earth years of rage were all channeled towards 
Aemon in that moment. When Ryoko was created, she had been taught by Kagato, 
each of the planets she had pillaged and destroyed had been important for their 
resources and raw materials, and nothing more. For a time, she came to believe 
this. Then she had been imprisoned by Yosho, and allowed to see what actually 
transpired among the people she thought so unimportant. She experienced love, 
hatred ... and loss. Through the experiences of others, she became what Washu 
had envisioned; a human. She learned to love one special person, and for the 
possibility that we might threaten him, God help us all.

Tenchi had never seen Ryoko fight this hard before. He saw part of her battle 
against Kagato, yes, but nothing like THIS! She was a berserker, using any and 
every weapon at her disposal to claw, maim, break, smash, gouge, cut, or tear 
her enemy to bits. It was only after Ryoko had knocked Aemon to the ground and 
mashed his head to a bloody green pulp, that he interfered and lead her away. 

"Ryoko," Tenchi asked, as Ryo-Ohki hopped into the room, "are you all right?"

Ryoko embraced him tightly and nodded. 

"Don't leave me, Tenchi. Please, don't ever leave me...."

Tenchi clasped Ryoko's shoulders and looked deeply into her eyes.  "Ryoko, I 
promise you, leaving you is something I will never let happen," he said as he 
bent over to kiss her ... but was stopped short by the sight of Aemon, rising up 
like a bloody phoenix from the stone floor.

He stepped forward to attack, but his efforts were unneeded, as Ryo-Ohki 
metamorphosed into her spaceship form, scissoring Aemon between the upper 
formations of her hull and crushing him to death.

Tenchi looked at the carnage surrounding him and spoke.

"This will be the end. Let's find Tokimi." 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the band was torn from her hair, Mihoshi froze, twisting the cube as she 
slumped to the floor. The sequence prior to the final turn could be used to 
summon the standard issue revolver, or discharge it remotely. Mihoshi's last act 
was the latter. The gun fired wildly within the ebony silhouette, punching holes 
throughout its mass. The dark stone cracked, then crumbled into dust.

The link from the lower dimension had been broken. As Tokimi watched from her 
quiet perch in the high dimension, her beautiful galaxy vanished.

The cold, empty, pitiless darkness enveloped her, and she was afraid.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi and Ryoko dashed into the spherical chamber, only to see an unconscious 
Mihoshi and a swirl of black particles that seemed to be massing in the center 
of the room.

"Ryoko, I think we should go," Tenchi whispered. "NOW."

Ryoko glanced at the center of the room. She had seen things like this before. 
Kagato had destroyed a giant red star with a material like this. Of course, he 
had spread about one-millionth of the quantity in the room AROUND the star to 
destroy it...

Ryoko grabbed Mihoshi and flew for her life.

Ryo-Ohki was waiting just outside the antechamber where they had entered, and 
when they were aboard, sailed away. The shock wave from the blast propelled them 
into the jump point at 95.6% of light-speed, warping them out of the local time 
continuum for approximately 2.3 days. Fortunately, due to Washu's use of 
extensive cellulose reinforcement, Ryo-Ohki's crystalline structure prevented 
any serious temporal or structural decay from the strain. The ship would arrive 
in Juraian space safely, and head for Earth.

And Mihoshi dreamed...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On Earth, the Juraian tree Funaho began to stir. A branch extended from the 
trunk, with a little red ball hanging from it like some bizarre fruit. The small 
orb began to grow.

Tsunami and Washu watched it with interest. 


"I suppose this means they've won, doesn't it?" Tsunami asked. 

"I guess so. I suppose that you'll be all right, now that the gem is supporting 
her energies."

"Yes. The assimilation process works both ways. Sasami is 'on file' inside 
Funaho. All she needs is a new body, then she should be fine, but we need to 
keep it quiet until then."

Washu nodded.

"What is Funaho doing now?"

"I can't really tell, myself. Maybe Tenchi and Ryoko have some idea."

"That's assuming they make it back..."

"Can't you tell? Don't you have that link to Ryoko?"

"She's gotten a lot better at blocking it when she's doing something she doesn't 
want me knowing about," Washu explained. 

Tsunami looked at her a bit puzzled, then blushed as she realized what Washu was 
implying.

"Washu! You must be kidding!"

Washu smiled at her sweetly.

"Aeka is going to be ... PISSED," she said.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Mihoshi dreamed. In her dreams, she was a superhero. A normal GP officer by day, 
she became the Queen of Blocks, thwarting evil with her Magical Cube of Death. 
This particular night had been her finest hour, taking down the Empress of 
Globes with her Final Attack, the Mortal Twist, earning herself a well deserved 
rest.

Sometimes, even Mihoshi gets it right.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The day of the funeral was appropriately dark and stormy. Aeka did allvshe could 
to hold back her tears as Misaki and Funaho approached her. 

"I'm so sorry..." she said.

For the three women, no other words were necessary.

Azusa stood away from the rest of his party, looking dazedly into the distance 
at nothing in particular.

>So terrible that I must return to this place under THESE circumstances... 
though, almost fitting, I suppose ... my greatest happiness and sadness in the 
same place...<

Though few saw it, and even fewer believed it, the Emperor of Jurai began to cry 
as he stared at the horizon.

After a few minutes, the group began to walk towards Funaho to perform the 
service.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

At the tree, the gem, now dangling from the branch, cracked open, and its 
contents spilled onto the damp rock.  Washu was working quietly on one of her 
many great inventions, and thus was taken completely by surprise when Tsunami 
appeared out of nowhere and scared her senseless. The end result led to the 
destruction of several of Washu's dimensions, most of which had no sentient 
life, but a few that just might have been OUR reality. All this was unimportant, 
compared to her message.

"Washu!!!!! She's alive!!"

"And...?"

"Yes! Get down there before something happens!!!"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The solemn party moved down the hill towards the tree.


In the distance, however, the mist began to stir. A tall figure staggered from 
the fog, carrying something in a small bundle with one hand, and leaning on a 
glowing green sword for support in the other.

Azusa and Aeka stared at the figure with fire in their eyes. They blasted at him 
in unison, hurling globes of Juraian energy at Marty. He made no effort to dodge 
the projectiles, only twisted slightly to keep them from hitting the bundle.

The princess and Emperor continued their barrage as Marty plodded closer. The 
guards joined in and swung at him as he neared the Emperor. 

Marty was forced to brandish his sword around to keep them at bay, almost 
keeling over from lack of support. Marty managed to hold them off as he neared 
Azusa, who had gathered the blade of his master key and was preparing to end the 
knight's life for a second time.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Perhaps he did not deserve the chance to explain himself. He had killed the 
youngest child of the King of Jurai. He had slaughtered a whole colony, and a 
multitude of citizens on the ships he destroyed. He had become one of them and 
then tried to destroy everything any of them had ever known. He had cheated 
death when those he had slain could not.

But his eyes spoke differently. His soul carried the pain of a million deaths, 
their anguish etched into his soul. He remembered all their faces. That he could 
reverse one of these deaths, he would gladly die again. 

The question of whether or not Martin, Knight of Jurai, deserved another chance 
was irrelevant. The fact that he would receive one; that was everything.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Salvation for Marty came in the form of a very grown-up Washu-san, who blocked 
the Emperor's strike, but failed to notice Aeka charging up for one final 
attack.

Marty staggered the last few steps towards the emperor, then dropped to one 
knee, firmly planting the blade in the ground. He set the bundle on the ground.

Aeka had finally gathered up enough energy, and loosed it at the prostrate 
knight.

He took the blast full force and collapsed onto the ground, releasing the hilt 
of the sword, which remained embedded in the earth. The sword's glow dimmed, 
then the glow completely subsided, leaving behind a metallic green Light Hawk 
Wing Sword.

The bundle stirred, and a pair of pink eyes peered cautiously from the cloak.

Sasami looked out of Marty's cloak, then blinked as she saw her father trying to 
push Washu away with his sword. 

"Father?" she said.

With that word, all activity ceased, and the gaze of everyone present locked on 
her face. 

For a moment, it was as though nothing else existed. Azusa found his voice 
first.

"Sasami??" he choked out, running to her.

The Emperor hefted his youngest child into his arms, and was surrounded by his 
wives and daughters. He made no attempt to hide his feelings, and cried out with 
joy.

Washu looked at the happy reunion, then turned her attention to Marty. She 
walked slowly towards his unmoving form. 

>This is as bad as I've ever seen him.< she thought.

He lay sprawled on the sodden ground, smoking, as the rain poured down upon him.

>All this way ... he made it home, just to be killed ... by his friends ... damn 
...<

She was shocked out of her trance by a feeble hacking. She looked down, and saw 
that Marty had coughed up a mass of blood onto his face.  She turned and called 
out frantically, "AZAKA!!! KAMADAKE!! GET DOWN HERE! GET HIM TO MY LAB!!!"

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

>Water. It's just like water ...< he thought.

Washu looked up at the readout screen on the regeneration tube. So far, Marty 
was healing, with exceptional speed. 

>I sure designed those gems right,< Washu wanly thought. His lack of mental 
progress was rather disturbing, however. He had not managed a coherent thought 
since she sealed him inside. 

Washu sighed and went out to get some dinner. Along the way, she was accosted by 
Funaho and Misaki, who inquired about Marty's condition. The Emperor had decided 
to stay on Earth for a little while to have a vacation with his daughters. At 
least, that was the official reason. Funaho and Misaki were a bit peeved that 
Azusa had almost killed their favorite bodyguard (again), and were determined to 
elicit an apology from him. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, and when 
you've managed to piss off BOTH of your wives, you're REALLY in trouble. So 
Azusa had to stay at the Masaki home, and had to be nice to Tenchi and Ryoko. To 
his credit, he had done a pretty decent job, and Ryoko wasn't pushing it, so it 
was a pleasant few days.


When Washu returned to her lab, she saw a significant change, and she hit THE 
BUTTON. Subsequently, everyone in the house appeared in the lab. Fortunately, 
Mihoshi was outside.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

>Dark ... it's so ... no! Tokimi's got me again! NO!!! I've got to get out! Got 
to ...<

Washu watched as Marty's thought patterns became increasingly panicked. 

>He's not going to last long if he keeps doing this. I guess I should let him 
out ...< She pressed another button to open the tube. 

>Light? What? This ... this wasn't here before ... It's got to be a trick ... 
but what choice do I have?<

Everyone watched as one hand reached out over the lip of the tank and pulled its 
owner up.


>What??? I'm ... I'm ... home ...< he thought ecstatically, as he looked over 
the side.

"Is he all right?" Funaho asked.

"Oh, man..."Tenchi said.

Azusa looked pained.

Aeka and Ryoko remained speechless.

They all stared. He was bare from the waist up, displaying deep burns in the 
chest, and a scarring wound running from the right side of his neck, around both 
sides of his body, to underneath his rib cage.
"Hey... how's it going?" he said.

"Hi, Marty!" Mihoshi said, heading over to a control panel that regulated the 
energies in Marty's body.

Washu screamed and ripped off Mihoshi's headband. Mihoshi twitched, then fell 
silent.

Tenchi looked at Washu warily. 

"Why did you do that to her, little Washu?"

"Do you have any idea how much damage she does in here?? She was about to kill 
Marty! I'm just protecting my interests here! Ok, so I did plant the suggestion 
that her brain shuts down for a while, whenever the hairband gets taken off. I 
just use it to put her to sleep, so I can get some work done. Whenever she wakes 
up, she always comes in here! Why in the world do you think she sleeps so much? 
It's not because she needs it, that's for sure."

"You done?" Marty asked. 

Washu nodded

"Could I get something for this?" he said, pointing at the wound.

"Sure thing. Wanna be a guinea pig?"

Marty's eyes widened in shock.

"Just kidding...."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After Washu dressed the wound, she herded him off to bed. The first evening 
Marty spent outside the lab, he barely slept at all. Every time he closed his 
eyes, he dreamed. Not the restful dreams of a normal man, but the nightmares of 
a being who had lived one.

There he was, in the void, with D3 coming to rip his eyes out again. He stood 
back and did the only thing he could. He summoned ...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Marty was shaken awake by a tearful Sasami.

"I had a scary dream..."

Marty wiped his face with his hand. 

"Yeah... me too. Whew... Care to go for a walk? I don't think we're going to get 
too much sleep anyway," he said. 

So they walked out under the stars, and talked.

"So, how have you been, Sasami?"

"Pretty good, I guess ..." she replied, throwing a stone in the general 
direction of the lake.

"Well, at least your nightmares will probably stop from now on. That's good 
news, isn't it?"

"Mmmhhhmmm ... what about you?"

"Me?"

"Yes, you, silly."

"I don't really know. Washu keeps telling me I'm 'up to specs', whatever that 
may mean. I don't feel all that great to tell you the truth. I suppose that 
feeling will go away though ..."

Marty sighed.

"Well, Sasami, would you like to go back now?"

Sasami nodded drowsily.

"We'll go the quick way," he said, as he picked her up and flew away.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Sleep well, princess," Marty said as he placed a slumbering Sasami into her 
bed.

Marty walked downstairs to await the morning.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Marty was lying on the couch in a state of deep meditation, when Washu popped 
out of her lab and interrupted him. 

"Hey... Washu! What are you doing?"

"Just checking your reflexes. They're great!"

"I think we've been over this already. I don't like being prodded. Don't you 
ever drop the professor pretense?"

Washu blanched.

"That's not very nice, Marty."

"It wasn't meant to be. You're not acting like I'm a person."

A few seconds passed.

"All right, how have you been doing?"

"As opposed to being..."

"Dead, for one."

"Ah. Well, I feel better than that ... not much, but better."

"I can give you something for the pain."

"I guess I didn't say that right. I don't hurt... not that much, anyway, but I 
feel really empty ..."

"Heh. I can't help you there."

"I guess not. Thanks anyway, little Washu."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Empresses visited after breakfast. They were naturally happy to see their 
favorite training dummy... er, bodyguard. 

"Well, Marty, there's a couple of things you could do, once you get back to 
Jurai. We could place you as an officer in the Juraian Defence Force and 
reinstall you as our bodyguard ... or we ..."

"Could stick you in that vacant spot in the Senate!" Misaki exclaimed.

Funaho scowled at her. 

"Um, actually, I think I'll take the bodyguard spot, if that's all right..." he 
said.

"That's fine with us. But why not the Senate spot?"

"I'm not ready for that. Besides," Marty added with a smile, "I've learned a 
couple new moves since the last time we 'trained'. I'm looking forward to 
testing them."

The queens looked suitably apprehensive.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Emperor was sufficiently penitent, owing to the fact that his wives were 
present, and gave a simple apology, offering many positions in the Juraian 
government, even the position of Senator. He was truly surprised when the offers 
were rejected for a job that mostly involved fighting his wives.

>This half-breed is even dumber than I believed.< thought Azusa, as he saw the 
empresses excitedly conversing with their trainer/bodyguard/punching bag. 

He only caught part of the conversation, but it had to do with shaving cream and 
a feather, and he thought he heard his name somewhere in there.

>Or is he ... ?<

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After his conversation with the Royal family, Marty left the house. He had 
someone to thank. The day was quiet, overcast, yet not dark.
 
>It's a perfect day for a new beginning ...< he thought, as he approached the 
tree named Funaho.

"I wanted to talk to you. Those three days that you held me, those were more 
valuable to me than anything. You have given me more than I deserved. Thank 
you."

"She can't hear you, you know..." a voice said from nowhere.

"Tsunami!"

"She gave up a lot of power to keep you alive, and she hasn't regenerated enough 
to become conscious again. One day, though, you'll have your chance to thank 
her."

"I guess I owe you some thanks too. You gave me a way to escape Tokimi's power. 
I'm forever in your debt."

"That is completely incorrect. It is I who am in your debt."

"How do you figure that?"

"I don't think you realize what's happened here. You provided a way through 
Tokimi's defenses, and sacrificed all you had to allow us to exploit that 
weakness."

"Yeah, I remember that part," he said, absentmindedly rubbing along the scar.

"You have given us a chance for real peace in this universe. Always remember 
that."

"I will."

"Take this," she said, handing him the green Light Hawk Wing.  "Washu and I felt 
it was only right to let you have one sword, since we took your others when we 
brought you back. Use it well."

"I can use this?" he asked, but Tsunami was nowhere to be found.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Marty wasn't trying to be stealthy, so it rather surprised him when he 
accidently scared Tenchi into throwing a hoe at him for saying hi. 

"I'm glad I wasn't TRYING to scare you," Marty said, snatching the tool out of 
the air. 

"Do you remember what happened the last time you and I were in the vicinity of 
this field?" Tenchi replied.

"You do have a point there ..."

"Hm. So when do they go home?"

"Later today. I'm going to go with them."

"But you just got back!"

"What, are you afraid I'm going to leave you guys for good? I'll visit 
occasionally, and you all can visit me on Jurai anytime you want."

"Well, I mean, it's going to be pretty exciting around here again, pretty soon 
..."

"Isn't it always? You're going to be the emperor of the galaxy, and here you're 
worrying about a little domestic..."

"Ryoko and I ... On the way back from fighting Tokimi."

Marty looked at Tenchi like an arm had just sprouted out of his forehead. 

"Did I just hear that right?"

Tenchi nodded.

"I take it all back. You have MORE problems than the emperor ALREADY. Azusa is 
at least already married."

"Like I said, it's going to get exciting."

"I wish I could help. But anything I say is just going to make it worse. Now you 
HAVE to make a decision, don't you?"

"Yeah, I do."

"Just remember this. If one was good, two will be even better..."

"Marty!"

"What? That's what I would do ... well, wait. Washu and Mihoshi are pretty sweet 
on you too, so..."

"I get your point. Now stop it before I feel the need to hurt you."

"Oh no, not that!!" Marty replied sarcastically, "Come on, you know I'm telling 
you the truth, Tenchi. Just remember to come to Jurai when all this gets 
settled."

Tenchi smiled.

"All right, all right, just don't say anything to Aeka, ok?"

"Sure thing.... uh, you DID tell Ryoko not to mention it either, didn't you..."

Tenchi's eyes reached the diameter of dinner saucers.

"Uh-oh..."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Aeka was doing her best to apologize to Ryoko about her words after Sasami's 
death, when Ryoko told her about her and Tenchi.

Thankfully, Ryoko did not inform Aeka of this new development in her usual blunt 
manner. She simply said, "It's your turn now," and left it at that.

It was only after the Royal family and Marty had left, that Aeka grasped the 
meaning of Ryoko's words. It was to be a very interesting month.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In reality, it had only been six days since Marty arrived on Earth, but to him, 
it felt like an eon had passed. 

>I almost can't believe it ...< he thought, as he leaned against the glass on 
the main observation deck that evening. >I'm actually going to make it back ...<

He was so deep in thought that the emperor approached him without notice.

"They're beautiful, aren't they? The stars, I mean," Azusa said.

Marty turned his head.

"I'm glad I got to see them again, sire."

"What do you mean, lad?"

"By all rights, I'm an A-1 criminal.... you would be within your rights to have 
me executed once we're back on Jurai."

"I'm not going to kill you. I almost did that once already, and I was wrong to 
try. You have a second chance. Use it well."

"Thank you, your majesty," Marty said, extending his hand.

To his surprise, Azusa shook it. 

"This time, no poisoned knives, I promise."

"You..." Marty's eyes widened, then he relaxed. "Don't fall asleep until after 3 
tonight. You owe me big now."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Azusa managed to stay awake, and avoided the spray of shaving cream and feathers 
the queens had set in the bed. He did not, however, avoid the bucket of liquid 
caramel that was placed as a backup. 

Everything had gone according to plan.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On Jurai, the Empresses insisted that Marty wore the uniform of the Juraian 
guard, but allowed him to keep the cloak, saying that it lent 'personality'.

Fully decked out, Marty soared to the Sorento estate. 

Heart in hand, he knocked on the door.

The servant admitted him, and he stood in the antechamber of the building as the 
manservant summoned Mokona.

She appeared at the far end of the room.

"Marty ...? Marty!" she said, sprinting across the tiled floor.

"I'm home," he said, as he swept her into his arms.

********************************************************************************

Author's notes.

*thud* sorry. fell out of my chair....
I did it! I did it! 46 and 1\2 typed pages, but I did it! This was great, guys.
I hope you enjoyed reading it. Maybe I'll write more...  
I'd like to thank Leon-san for his tireless efforts to keep me on track. I
couldn't have done it without you! 
Also thanks to BGlanders, Happosai, and allthe other authors who I stole, er,
borrowed ideas from. Plus, a final thanks to my friend James, who, despite
knowing nothing at all about TM! or anime in general, read this.
C&C, MST, Atomic Flames, Marriage Proposals, they all go to
<Tenchiken@juno.com>
Thanks for reading!!!!

Mokona says hi.

The sequel? Maybe...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Epilogue

Ten months later....

It was a beautiful day. Jubei Sorento, after a ten month sabbatical, was
reinstated in the Juraian senate, in no small way related to therelentless
support of his son-in-law.

Marty also had much to celebrate. His son James was born on that same day,
and his wife Mokona was doing well. 

Two months later....

"What's this? A letter... from Earth? Juraian mail... they deliver everywhere...
a wedding invitation? Oh good, he finally..." Marty stopped short as he read the
invitation. "It was a JOKE, Tenchi!!! A JOKE!!!!"

The invitation read...

You are cordianally invited to the wedding of Masaki Tenchi and Jurai Aeka,
Habiki Ryoko, Habiki Washu, and Karimitsu Mihoshi, on September 26 of the year
2001....

