A Tenchi Muyo Fan Fiction.
While You Were Sleeping.
By Peter Suzuki.

The series 'Tenchi Muyo' is owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and its contributors.
All rights reserved.  Please don't shoot me for this, I have College
applications to fill out, an that would be hard should I suddenly have A
BULLET IN MY NECK!!!  Thank you for your time.

 I've had a really bad day.

===========================================================================

 On the peek of a hill, overlooking the lake, two young females sat next to
each other, under the shade of one of the trees.  They had been doing so
since they first arrived there, in the early morning, just to watch the sun
rise.  It was almost noon, and one of them was talking to the other, not
caring if the other was really listening or not.

 "I really hate you, you know." Said Ayeka.  She tilted her head back in
thought, and reconsidered what she had just said to her companion.
"Correction.  I really SHOULD hate you."  Ayeka leaned backward, until her
shoulders rested on the trunk of the tree.  "Out of everything that has
happened in my life, I thought that at least my feelings about you were
exact.  You attacked my home world, destroyed my home, had my fiancée. . .
my older brother pursue you, in the cause of justice.  And THAT was all in
the course of a single day on Earth."

 Ayeka closed her eyes, and frowned slightly.  "Then, after many years of
being asleep just so I would not loose my good looks, I found a clue to my
brother's whereabouts.  A clue that laid upon a primitive, and supposedly
barbaric planet, known as Earth."

 Ayeka's frown disappeared, into a small smile.  "Before what had happened
on Jurai, I had never really traveled beyond our planetary system before,
even though I had my own ship.  I was never the adventurous type, even
though I spent almost all of my free time on board Ryu-oh.  It got to the
point that auntie Funaho gave Sasami my old room, and put in a new library
where Sasami's room used to be.  It
was four years later, when I realized what she had done."  Ayeka laughed,
not in the hearty, fear inspiring laugh she usually used, but more of a
normal, carefree laugh.

 "My father had grown Ryu-oh himself, you know.  One of the few things I had
found out about my father AFTER coming to Earth.  I never knew he actually
liked gardening.  I never realized that Sasami took more after him, then I
did.  And most of all, I never realized before that the reason why he
rejected my love to Tenchi so much, was not because he hated Tenchi, but
rather because my father thought it would protect me."

 Ayeka expression became troubled.  "Before I was engaged to Yosho, suitors
from almost all over the galaxy came to be wed to me.  Considering how young
I was when I was engaged to Yosho, it is no surprise that I did not quite
understand what I supposedly was to the rest of the universe.  All I knew
was that all of the rude people who were treating me like some sort of toy,
would no longer bother me." Ayeka blushed slightly.  "And that I was going
to be married to the most kindest man I knew.  The first proposal made to
me, was actually made by some perverted old cur, who was older than even my
father mind you, when I was just a few days old.  A FEW DAYS OLD!  I'm just
glad my mother took my shrieking as a definite 'NO'."

 Ayeka relaxed a bit.  "Turns out, my father wanted me to marry some one
that he believed could be capable of ruling along side of me, when the time
came that I would have to take the throne.  That is why I was truly engaged
to Yosho.  My father knew that I would want my husband to help me in my
times of being the ruler of Jurai, and that I most likely would not be loved
like I wanted to be, if my husband did not understand what he was getting
into.  Yosho understood. . .  maybe that is one of the reasons why he left,
but never came back."

 Ayeka looked troubled again.  "Just two days after Yosho left, I had
suitors after me again.  Only this time, some were in pursuit of Sasami as
well.  That is the reason why I took her along with me.  I knew what she
would go through, if I left her behind."  Ayeka smiled, aside from her
worried expression.  "I guess it was for the better.  I never bothered to
learn how to cook, for myself." Ayeka remembered the time not to long ago,
when Misaki tried to help Sasami in the kitchen.  "Like mother, like
daughter, I guess." Ayeka mumbled.

 Ayeka looked down at her companion.  Quiet, loyal, and asleep.  "You know,
if you were awake you would probably agree with me.  IF you were awake.
Then again, if you were awake, we probably would not be having this
conversation at all right now.  Oh, well.  At least this way, I can pretend
you are still listening, even if you would not understand everything that I
feel."

 Ayeka decided to pick up right were she left off.  "So I travel in search
of Yosho.  When I reach Earth, I the first decisions I choose to make are
the most stupid ones of my life at that point.  Choosing to capture a
criminal no longer wanted.  Kidnapping a native to another planet, expecting
him to be able to provide answers where the other could not.  And then the
battle.  Just you, me, and. . .Tenchi.  It is really your fault I lost my
Ryu-oh.  And the grief I felt when I lost my beloved ship, was only worsened
by the fact that my ship was my only way of continuing my pursuit, if Yosho
had left the planet some time earlier."

 Ayeka wiped at tear from her eye.  "Of course if it were not for you, I may
have had Tenchi put to death.  Telling me that Yosho had died, and that my
search had been for nothing, did not go well with me.  I could have had him
executed for a number of reasons, not the least of which was the fact that
he had sneaked into my bed chambers, and all but raped me, trying to get
that sword from my grip.  I might have had to put him to death anyway, just
to avoid letting anyone know that I HAD kidnapped a native of a protected
planet."  Ayeka wiped another tear.  "That fact sometimes still haunts my
most horrible nightmares."

 "But he lived, and I found out that he was very forgiving.  I wonder if he
would have been so nice to anyone who met him like I did.  He was handsome,
and kind."  Ayeka smiled.  "I fell asleep in that tool shed wondering if the
royal council would let me marry both Yosho, AND Tenchi.  And through it
all, I learned that day to consider how I felt about everybody, including
you.  I found that while I did still see you as the monster that destroyed
my life, you did not seem quite as bad as I first believed."

 Ayeka's smile suddenly became slightly sad.  "Unfortunately, not everything
I have ever realized was good.  The day my father confessed that he was
afraid that I would only end up hurting myself, married to someone who would
not understand what it meant being the husband of a princess, I convinced
him that Tenchi would learn, the same way that auntie Funaho did when she
was forced to Jurai." Ayeka looked down, at the lake.  "What I did NOT tell
him was that I was not so sure that Tenchi would like some of the OTHER
things, that he would have to go through, being married to me.  I. . .I
never took the offer of going first because of one simple thing.  The
bridegroom training."

 Ayeka's expression became very neutral.  "It is widely known that all of
the female royalty of Jurai is trained in the use of the whip.  What is not
so widely known, is WHY they are trained in its use, and how it all
started."  Ayeka closed her eyes, fighting back tears.  "It isn't my fault
the ancient Jurian's were into S&M, or that it has to be kept secret from
all but the groom.  And even then, he could only know of it during the
wedding night.  If. . .If Tenchi should not like it, or even fear it
completely, he might never. . .  I-I don't want him to think of me that way.
I'm not really that way, at least. . .not too much. . .  What if he hates
it?  What if he starts to fear me, because of it?  Why, oh why must my
greatest obstacle in my love for Tenchi, be myself!?!"

 Ayeka stopped in mid sob, seeing that her self loathing was making the
sleeping female next to her unhappy.  "I'm sorry, I'm sorry.  I should not
be thinking of such troubling things right now."  Ayeka smiled as her
companion calmed down, as well as her own feelings.  "I guess, this must be
your own way of telling me so, right?  If I keep dwelling on those thoughts,
I will only end up hurting myself.  Is that what you are trying to convince
me?  You probably would, even if you were awake."  Ayeka sat, cross-legged
next to her friend.  "You would also expect that I would be thinking along
the lines of, 'How can someone I think of as a monster, care for my feelings
so much?'.  Right?  Well, I am going to tell you a secret that even Ryu-oh
will probably never know."

 Ayeka leaned close to her companion's ear, and whispered, "I don't."

 Ayeka leaned away once more.  "When did I ever STOP thinking that you were
a monster, you would be wondering?  I would like to say that it was from the
beginning, but sadly, it was not.  It took me a long time to realize that
the being I suspected of being an uncaring, evil, and universally
destructive creature, was in fact being controlled by such a person, against
her will.  I then began to realize that you were in fact, a sweet, and
caring girl underneath what I thought I was seeing.  I tried to deny it.  I
still called you a monster, but then it became more of a lack of something
better to think of you as being.  As time went on, you became my secret
confidant, just like right now.  And you merged with an entity, that was
practically your double in both body, and mind.  But something else. . ."

 Ayeka turned away, with an expression somewhere between thoughtful, and
sad.  "I realized, almost immediately, that you were truly in love with
Tenchi, as I am.  You tried to hide it.  After you merged, you tried to act
like nothing had happened, and that things were still remotely the same. . .
But I saw the glances.  The peeking at him from around corners.  The fact
that YOU almost got a nosebleed, when he gently put his hand on your
shoulder.  You love him.  And it hurts to see someone you think of as a
friend, as a rival for the one you love.  After the 'Day of the nosebleed',
I spent most of the night in the front yard, calling you a monster, over and
over again.  And after all of that. . .  It was still becoming more hard to
think of you that way."

 "I think it was two months after everything that had happened with Yuzuha
and Mayuka, that I first referred to you as being something besides a
monster.  In my mind, I called you by a different name.  A cute nickname I
had never expected to use before.  I called you 'Ryo-chan'. . ."

 Ayeka looked back at her companion, tears in her eyes.  "Is it wrong for me
to call you Ryo-chan?  Is it bad for me to call you, my rival for Tenchi's
heart, by a name more suitable for a loved one?  And if it is, or is not,
then why do I feel that it IS suitable for you, either way?  You have been
there for me, when I needed friendship most.  You help everybody out at one
time or another, but what you do for me is what I think is the most special.
To you, I can tell my true feelings.  I could tell you them while you are
awake too, but I have reasons not to do so.  It is not that I am afraid that
you will reveal them, or use them against me.  It is something else.
Something more different then you could ever imagine."

 Ayeka did not bother to wipe away her tears.  They were not of sad thoughts
now, anyway.  "You are so cute when you're asleep.  More than cute,
beautiful would be a better term.  If I was not in my better mind, I would
probably end up ravishing you right here.  I have dreamed if it, you know.
In dreams that force me to take baths soon after I awake.  If I ever should
act on those desires however, there would be a BIG chance that I would loose
your friendship.  And that is a price I am not willing to pay.  I'm sorry if
I am wrong in choosing this, and that you would want it too.  All I can give
you are these words.  I love you. . . my little Ryo-chan." Ayeka cried
quietly.  Not quite for sadness, and not quite for happiness.  It was crying
because of inner turmoil.  As if she were reading Ayeka's feelings and
thoughts, Ayeka's companion unconsciously placed one hand on Ayeka's arm, as
if it were some sort of reassurance.  Ayeka calmed down enough to continue
to speak.

 "We could never be together with Tenchi, either.  If Tenchi married me, the
royal council would never even let you become so much as a concubine, let
alone a wife.  The same would be if Tenchi would marry you, because they
would never allow a princess to marry someone who is married to someone like
you.  I-I know you are a sweet, and lovely girl, but they would never
understand that.  I'm sorry."

 Ayeka's renewed sobs of sorrow were interrupted by a cry, echoing across
the valley, from the house. "Ayeeeeeeeeeekaaaaaaaaaaa!!!  Lunch is
reeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!"
 Sasami yelled from the back porch.  Ayeka could tell that her sister was
still dressed in an apron, and carrying a ladle.

 "So, all good things come to an end, just as always." Said Ayeka, turning
toward her still sleeping companion.  The first princess of Jurai wiped the
tears from her eyes.  Her sleeves would dry by the time she, and her friend
made it back to the house.  "I hate the fact that I must wake you.  I would
have liked for this to continue all day, but we must go inside.  Besides, as
long as you can sleep, and I can feel, there will be other times.  So let us
get going."

 Ayeka reached down, and picked up her companion from the ground.  Being
disturbed from her sleep, said companion opened up one cat-like, gold
colored eye, expressing her annoyance to being disturbed from her sleep.

 Ayeka cradled her companion in her arms.  She could not carry her like
Sasami did.  She did not have the correct hairstyle.  She knew what would
cheer up her little grumpy friend, though.  "Time for lunch.  I am sure that
Sasami has some carrots for you."

 "MIYA!" Was the cheerful reply.

===========================================================================

AUTHOR'S NOTES:

 Don't flame me, I don't want to hear it.  If you didn't like it, don't read
it, or better yet, MST it so I can make fun of you, with an MST of the MST.
My parents are making me apply to college, and I feel like Evander "The Real
Meal" Hollyfield's ear, after that fight with "Hungry Man" Mike Tyson.  Here
is a little something that expresses my mood at the moment.  Enjoy.

 "I'm a Muppet.  People jam their hands up my butt to make me talk.  Speak
not to me of pain."

 Ah!  Now I feel a little bit better.

 Oh, and before I forget.  Some of you are probably wondering about how I
described Ayeka's father, Emperor Azusa, in this Fic.  The truth is, I think
he is probably the most misunderstood character, ever to appear in Tenchi
Muyo.  I have seen Fic after Fic where he is portrayed as some sort of
uncaring tyrant, who cares only about how his own image is portrayed.  Look
at the facts, he doesn't want Ayeka or Sasami to marry Tenchi because a.)
Tenchi does not seem to be intelligent, he can't even choose who he loves.
b.)  Tenchi is a farm boy from Earth, Ayeka is a princess from Jurai.  The
difference is too great for Azusa's taste. And c.)  Tenchi has no training
whatsoever in what Ayeka is going to be doing later in life.  No ifs, ands,
or buts about it.  She is NOT going to be anything else.

 Tell me, does THIS look familiar to any readers out there, especially the
female ones.  Almost every, overprotective, father treats his daughter the
same way.  THIS IS NOTHING NEW, PEOPLE!!!  Thank you for your time, and
goodnight!

Peter Suzuki.

UPDATE NOTES:

 There were two main reasons why I decided to update this story.  One; the
justification was screwed up big time.  And Two; a few comments I got said
that there were sentence mistakes, and confusing speech, in the story.  I
hope I corrected some of these problems this time.

 Also, Id like to add some explanations (rants) that I forgot to put into
the original.

 Ayeka, while being Ryokos major rival for Tenchis love, is also a very
underrated character.  There are many Ryoko enthusiasts that think that
since Ayeka is so calm (for the Masaki household, anyway) and proper, that
she could handle loosing Tenchi, should he choose Ryoko.  Dont they realize
that there is more to Ayeka then just that?  There have been dozens of Fan
Fiction stories where Ryokos thoughts about what happened at the beginning,
and usually before the beginning, of the "Tenchi Muyo" series, are taken
into deep consideration, but very, VERY, few stories where Ayekas feelings
are portrayed, in the same kind of light (so far, Ive only seen a handful
of them).

 Also, I absolutely hate the stories where Ayeka is portrayed as some sort
of unfeeling bitch, who would stop at nothing to get Tenchi all to herself.
As much nagging as she does, she would NEVER get to the point where she
would actually plan on killing one of the other girls.

 Cant you all see that she has feelings beyond what she shows?  That her
entire soul is most likely in turmoil over her past actions, and how the
entire series affected her life?  Its about time that the Fan Fiction
stories started showing how sensitive she can really be to how she acts.

 My own private way of making up for this dearth of those kinds of stories
is putting Ayeka on my MST cast.  That, and its also fun to use a cast
member who you wouldnt normally put into a MST group, because she may SEEM
boring.  (B-ko also fits into this category, but she doesnt get as much air
time, since she runs the projector in my MSTs)

 Oh, and as for why it was Ryo-oh-ki with Ayeka, I just wanted to keep you
all on your toes.  ^_^

Peter Suzuki.