

Yokenzu's Saga Chapter 1: No need for scavengers

Part-1
Its the middle of Kiyone and Mihoshi's patrol around the planet 
Earth.
Mihoshi was already asleep at the seat and Kiyone was starting 
to doze off
herself. 

Kiyone-"Another slow ni..." 

before Kiyone could finish her radar goes off and  she relizes 
that a wanted criminal is nearby.

Kiyone-"MIHOSHI WAKE UP!!!!!"

Mihoshi- "wha.. what??" **she woke up immediatly.** 

Kiyone-"According to the computers its...oh great..its HIM!"

Mihoshi-"Who is it, Kiyone?"

Kiyone-"Yokenzu...."

Mihoshi-"Who?"

Kiyone-"Yokenzu!! That rotten Scavenger we've been chasing for 
the past 5 
years!!"

Mihoshi-"ohh Yokenzu..he's so nice"

Kiyone-"NICE!! NICE!?! HE'S BEEN GIVING ME A MIGRAIN EVER SINCE 
I MET HIM!!

Mihoshi-"gosh Kiyone you seem mad"

Kiyone- -_-'

a vid screen opens up with a blond hair young man around the 
same age as Kiyone

Blonde Man- "Hiya Kiyone Hiya Mihoshi how have you 2 been?"

Kiyone- "Yokenzu!! grrrr...."

Mihoshi-We've been fine and you?

Yokenzu- can't complain...um Kiyone you got this nasty vain on 
the top of your forehead popping out...

Kiyone- SHUT UP!!!

Mihoshi-but Kiyone..you DO have a vain....

Kiyone grabs Mihoshi and glares at her right in the eye

Kiyone- NOT....NOW!!

Yokenzu- **looking bored** another day of you trying, yet again, 
to catch me?

Kiyone- Today's different this time I got a little surprise for 
you...hehehe

Yokenzu- oh goody a new toy for me to break. **chuckles 
mischeiviously**

Kiyone quickly presses a button on the Ugami's computer panel 
and shoots Yokenzu's ship

Yokenzu- HEY!!!!

Kiyone- GOT'CHA!!

Mihoshi-that wasn't very nice Kiyone...

Kiyone ignores Mihoshi and fires again

Yokenzu- damn you!!

Yokenzu flies down onto the Earth..3 guesses who's house he 
lands near. Kiyone and Mihoshi follow him on the Ugami.

Part-2

Yokenzu stands alone outside of his ship looking at the damage 
to his ship.

Yokenzu-damn it..she got lucky. I can't believe the recent luck 
I've been having.

just then Kiyone jumps out of the bushes and tackles Yokenzu. 
She points a gun straight towards his head aiming for right 
between the eyes.

Kiyone- FREEZE DIRTBAG!!

Yokenzu- ....um could you not do that the gun is aiming right at 
my head

Kiyone- Its suppose to.

Yokenzu- great...can you get off now?

Kiyone grabs his wrists and handcuffs him

Kiyone-now I can

Kiyone gets off and pulls him up

Kiyone - MOVE IT!

Kiyone jams her blaster into the Yokenzu's back and makes him 
walk towards the Ugami.

Yokenzu-ouch could you stop...

not a very easy task fer Kiyone






Part-3

Kiyone and Yokenzu are walking towards the Ugami when Yokenzu 
notices a green haired girl playing with a cabbit near the road. 
Unknowingly to her a truck is on that road and is soon going to 
hit her.

Yokenzu- LOOK OUT!!**runs and pushes the girl out of the way and 
lands on the ground next to her**

Girl: thanks Mister I'm Sasami and this is my cabbit, Ryo-Ohki

Yokenzu- S....S..S...Sasami?? As in Princess Sasami?? Of Jurai??

Sasami-yep thats me! hehe

Yokenzu-kewl I just saved a princess

just then Kiyone catches up

Sasami-Hi Kiyone have you met my new friend Yokenzu?

Kiyone-GET AWAY FROM HIM HE'S DANGEROUS

Yokenzu-thanks...

Sasami-he just saved my life

Kiyone- he did??

Yokenzu-yeah you know me I can't stand seeing anyone get hurt

Kiyone-.....come on lets go...

Yokenzu gets up and walks next to Kiyone

Sasami-where are you going Yokenzu?

Yokenzu- nowhere really.

Kiyone and Yokenzu resume heading for the Ugami.




Part 4

Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Yokenzu are inside the Ugami near Galaxy 
Police HQ. Kiyone is starting to get tired of Yokenzu telling 
about each time he annoyed her in specific detail making sure he 
didn't miss a single one.

Yokenzu- and remember the time when I....

Kiyone aims her blaster at Yokenzu's head

Kiyone- SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP!!!!!!!!

Mihoshi- calm down Kiyone, your getting that vien again in your 
forehead.

Kiyone- Mihoshi...-_-' lets just get to HQ.

Ugami docks inside HQ and Kiyone escorts Yokenzu to jail while 
Mihoshi goes and has a snack.

Kiyone- here is where your trail is suppose to take place **she 
reaches for a door**

Yokenzu- wish me luck.

Kiyone-ok, Bad Luck

Yokenzu- thanks...

After a few hours of hearing Yokenzu's trail and Kiyone's tales 
about him driving her crazy.

Judge-Kiyone..I am about ready to reach my decision, please 
leave the court room and wait outside.

Kiyone does what she is told and walks outside. After a few 
minuets she hears Yokenzu scream as if he is in a horror movie. 
Kiyone smirks.

Yokenzu walks out with a slip of paperlooking incredibly 
depressed.

Kiyone- What'cha get Life? Death? 500 years? ohh I bet its gotta 
be something horrible.

Yokenzu- It is..it is...

Yokenzu shows her the slip of paper.


Find out what happens in the next Fan-Fic of Yokenzu's Saga. 
It'll be a big shock. 
		~~~~~Sign Yokenzu, Master Space Theif and 
Scavenger~~~~~






