Lauren "P!NK" Vila 
CandiCane134@aol.com 
Regular
"Your Face..."
A short car ride turns into mayhem when there is a car crash and Tenchi 
and Ryoko are inside. But, what if something small helped them survive?


I don't own Tenchi Muyo or Pioneer. HA! I wish! If I did, I would make 
a movie where Tenchi falls in love with Ryoko and they kiss and have 
kids and stuff but the kid only gets to like, 2 earth years in the 
movie (So she is still cute!!!!) (Stops for breath) and Kain is back 
and the whole 9 yards!!! I only own a few characters that I made up on 
the spot. I don't own Nelly Furtado either. (Waaaa! She's so cool! 
WHEW! Well (Pant) on with the (Pant) show! TA DAA!! 
-_-'

Meanings of names 
Tenchi- Heaven And Earth
Ryoko- Demon Summoner 
Ayeka- Delicate
Sasami- Sandy Sami Beach
Washu- Eagle Feather
Mihoshi- Beautiful Star
Kiyone- Clear Voice
Ryo-ohki- Of Two Minds
                            Final Story
			   ****STILLNESS OF HEART****




Another stupid day. Another stupid night. In the life of me, the demon, 
the monster, the space pirate, that is. Yeah, that's right, I'm telling 
the story. I'm sitting here stuffing my face with instant ramen and 
beef telling you this story 'cause I have nothing better to do, right? 
Wrong. I'm telling you this because I need to. You've never heard this 
story before now, and it's a good thing too. I'm not going to guide you 
though the whole thing though. Once you started hearing it, you can't 
go back, no matter how much you want to. It's no pixie dust and sissy 
kiss story. And I'm not going to sugar coat it either, so don't say you 
haven't been warned.



She's right, you know. Telling you this story. It won't be easy, but 
it's for you're own good. It's time you hear the truth, what we really 
feel. I'm supposed to be the little farmer boy from Okayama who sits 
around chewin' on a piece of straw and picking carrots and that load of 
crap, right? Wrong. I'm joining her to tell you this story for 
thousands of reasons, but I'll only say one. Truth. I'm not going to 
pucker it up; I'm going to tell it like it is. Simple and true. Just 
don't say you haven't been warned.




***********************************************************************



It was an August evening at the lonely Masaki residence. The weather 
was hot and humid, and katydids could be heard buzzing outside. Why so 
lonely? Because everyone was gone, that is, except Tenchi, Ryoko, and 
Washu. Mihoshi was on duty again somewhere in the earth sector seeking 
new criminals and maybe occasionally watching an episode of "Space 
Police Policemen". Ayeka and Sasami, the two fine princesses, had gone 
down to the shrine to talk to Yosho about leaving for Jurai and when 
to. Sasami didn't want to go, but Ayeka had mentioned that it was not 
proper to rarely visit family members and have conversations. Sasami 
mentioned that it was not proper to leave family to starve.


"It's OK Sasami," Tenchi offered. "I'll cook something."

Everyone stared at him like he was swallowing fire, since he had never 
really cooked for them before. "Oh.well, I guess that would be OK. Bye 
now!" Everyone waved lightly. Just as the door slammed shut, Tenchi 
spoke. "That was such a lie. I'll pick up something at the store. Do 
you guys want anything specific? Washu, Ryoko? 

"Yeah. Could you lease pick up some partially hydrogenated transferred 
protein and carbohydrates?" Washu droned. 

Tenchi raised an eyebrow. "She just wants some instant ramen and beef." 
Ryoko spoke for her. 

"Yeah, that's it. I'll be in the lab so just drop it by the door.or, 
you can "come on in", Tenchi." She cooed seductively. Ryoko glared at 
her mother.

He froze. "Uh.I'll just, ya know, drop it off by the door, He he."  
Tenchi muttered as he scratched the back of his head.

"That's fine" the rose haired scientist replied, disappointed. The door 
to the lab closed shut and some cursing could be heard inside. 

"Hey Ryoko, do you wanna come? I know it gets boring around here."

She smiled a slow smile. "Yeah, sure Tenchi." She leaped up off of the 
sea green couch and combed her bangs back with her hand. 'Damn it's hot 
in here.' She thought to herself. She was all decked in a long sleeved 
shirt the color of sunflower petals and black shorts that hugged her 
hips with an orange belt. She began to peel off the long sleeved 
blouse. Tenchi started to blush as she threw her hair behind her 
shoulders and draped the shirt over the couch. Everything she did 
seemed to happen in slow motion. Every move was seductive and slow, but 
he knew she was doing it on purpose. It was just hard to resist. 'Thank 
you GOD for blessing me with the GIFT to refuse to give in to her! 
Thank you thank you thank you!' He looked up toward the ceiling as he 
thought. "Ok Tenchi, let's go." She said, honey slow, like her muscles 
just woke up. She was all perked up in an electric, cherry red tank 
that showed as much stomach as possible. He stared at her thin, lean 
stomach and her curved waist. She had a 6-pack that's for damn sure.


"Ah-I-uh.w-we should get going." He stuttered. His gaze traveled from 
her waist to her chest to her neck to her face. She grinned honey-slow 
again, swallowing her thoughts, so they landed in her heart, tossing, 
and turning and swirling, like she had swallowed a butterfly. Her sheen 
lips parted and they stayed like that.

Tenchi swung the keys back and forth in his hand, twirling the key 
chains of Sailor Saturn (Hotaru) and Bugs Bunny until he dropped them 
onto the polished wood floor. He bent to pick them up and came up 
again. He licked his lips and threw his jacket onto the couch next to 
Ryoko's blouse. Ryoko walked out to the white mini-van, leaning against 
the window, peering inside, hands cupped around her eyes. Leather 
interior, cup holders, CD player. Sounded like a car commercial.

Walking up to the drivers side, he unlocked the door and clicked the 
unlock button. She stepped in, and lowered her head. She slammed the 
door shut, crossing her legs. Inside, it smelled like that new car 
smell of leather and pine. She looked up to the rearview mirror. Some 
orange and lavender Mardi Gras beads and a little paper pine tree hung 
from its neck.

Her head perked as the car starts. Pulling out of the driveway, he 
glances at her, all curled up in the shotgun seat, staring out the 
window. He flicked the AC button on full blast. She slams it off. "I 
hate the cold." She murmured.

His eyebrows rose. "Oh, well aren't you hot? It's 97 or 98§ out."

She shakes her head side to side. "Nuh uh. I'm fine."

"Look, Ryoko, I can put it where it only hits me, OK? You don't have to 
feel cold. That's how the AC works."

"Oh, well, sure, that's fine. I don't want you to melt 'cause of me." 

It was his turn to grin. "No prob." The ride was slow and quiet for 
about 5 minutes. His arm rested on the armrest as he looked into his 
side view mirror. He fooled around with the button so he could see all 
over the car. He saw Ryoko staring out the window, then the car behind 
him with the two sixteen year olds. He stops playing around with it and 
just stared at it. OBJECTS IN MIRROR ARE CLOSER THAN THEY APPEAR.

He looked at the streetlights as they got closer and closer, and then 
get sucked behind his view. The starbursts (the astrological term, not 
the candy) grow bigger and bigger until they look like huge, shining 
X's.

Meanwhile, Ryoko spied on Tenchi. He wasn't the same anymore. At least 
his appearance isn't. His hair is somewhat the same, except the fact 
that his so called "rat tail" is longer, thicker. Bangs partially hide 
his milk chocolate brown eyes. They aren't those big, goofy eyes he had 
before. Those little boy eyes. Confused and shy eyes. They are smaller, 
more mature. His thin, twiggy body, now a little bit more muscular and 
his scrawny neck was longer. He had grown from a shy teenager to an 
...adult. From age 16 to 19 years old, he looked just like he was 
supposed to. She beamed. Guess all his training had worked off. 

Inside joke. 

Tenchi decided to turn the radio on. A gentle, lulling song could be 
heard for about 5 seconds until he slipped in a CD. A violin could be 
heard for a few seconds, and then came a thin, melodic voice. He 
pressed the forward button to song 12...the last one.  A foreign guitar 
started to play melancholy rhythm. A deep, thundering beat echoed from 
the speakers. Ryoko's eyelids grew heavy as she began to sing the 
lyrics, softly to herself, word for word. 

"I'm sorry,
I forsake you...
I'm sorry, that I left you,
I'm sorry...I didn't forget you...mmmm.
And I'm sorry, that I made my self feel better
By making you feel, never good enough.
I know you shine much brighter, than I ever could.
And maybe that is why, I'm scared of you...
I know that you were, scared of me..." 

Tenchi could hear her voice through the music. He had always loved her 
voice above all the other girls. 

She jerked her head towards Tenchi, and then realized he could hear 
her. She stopped immediately and clamped her hands over her mouth. He 
laughed. "No, keep singing.you have a beautiful voice." He blushed, his 
cheeks giving off that trademark crimson color. The words sparked from 
his lips like electricity. She muttered a thank you and blushed as 
well. She finished the song quietly to her self. They sat in silence 
until they stopped in front of a store. He parked and twisted the keys 
to the car off. He flicked the EJECT button and out popped the CD. 

He placed it inside the case and snapped the lid shut with a loud 
"PAP!" The sound of plastic shook her up and out of her dream state. He 
held it out to her. "Here, you  can borrow it for as long as you like. 
It's not mine anyways. It's my dad's."

She cocked an eyebrow and rolls her tongue across her teeth. "No. I 
can't. It's yours."

"OK, then. I guess I'll just get rid of it or throw it away like all 
the other CD's" He mimed in a certain way, like he had a plan. 

She stares at him like he had just pulled a rabbit out of a top hat. 
"NO!" She yelled and grabbed the CD.

"Relax! I was joking, ya know." He laughed. Ryoko unbuckled her 
seatbelt and placed a hand on Tenchi's chest. He glanced over quick as 
lighting. "Really. Why are we here? I'm not treated to a car ride 
daily, ya know. What's up."

"I just thought you would enjoy a-a car ride around the city."

"You know what I would really enjoy?" her face edged closer. Too close 
for comfort. He was millimeters away from her face.

"Y-no. I mean, yeah." Her eyes were glossy and were penetrating his 
thoughts. The copper eyes flickered and she blinked, her eyelashes 
tickling his eyelids. They were so.devious, like a cat. Very feline.

"What then?

"Happy birthday, Ryoko." She pulled away suddenly and looked towards 
the floor. 

"I-It's not my birthday. I don't have one." 
 
"Yes it is. It's August and Washu told me that your birthday is around 
the 8th. (I'm really not sure because everyone says she has a different 
birthday! If you know for sure, email me and fill me in -_-') I thought 
you would like to have a day all to yourself."

"So that's why you took me with you?"

"Yeah."

She stared at him, without moving a muscle, then, a smile painted her 
lips. "You're a sneaky lil' thing."

He smiled back. "I know. But anyways, there's something else I have to 
give you." He opened the car door and ran out, searching for his goal. 
Bingo.

She looked up at the sign that said "Kijonawa's Pet Shop" her eyebrows 
furrowed, confused. "Pet shop?" She whispered to herself.


***********************************************************************

Inside the small store, Tenchi stepped up to a crme colored counter. 
The sounds of puppies yelping, tropical birds chirping, snakes hissing, 
and cats yowling caught him off guard. He watched the miniature 
parakeet in the cage next to him, with feathers the color of citrus 
lemons and limes. A young woman with eyes the color of coffee and black 
hair with neon emerald streaks stepped up. Her nametag had Sailor Moon 
stickers all over it. 4 total.  Hidden beneath the stickers was the 
name "Gamu". She was chewing on a piece of pink bubble gum. Chewing, 
blowing a bubble, then popping it by closing her lips painted with 
chrome colored lipstick. "Can I <blow> help <pop> you? <Chew chew> 

"Uh, yes. I'm looking for a pet for my.friend. Could you help me?"

"Male or female?" She droned.

"Female." 

"You're lookin' for a cat. Women love cats." She led him over to a 
corner full of cages. There were big cats, kittens, fat cats, and cats 
with their ribs popping out. He bent down as his eyes traveled over the 
cages. He finally came upon what he was looking for. A young cat, about 
two years old, was sitting daintily by his food dish, licking its paws. 
His fur was the color of powder snow smudged with patches of light gray 
and tan. His jade eyes captivated him. 

"That ones a pain in the ass, But once you get to know him, he's pretty 
obedient." The woman exclaimed.

Tenchi smiled. "Just what I'm looking for."

The woman reached into the cage, and the little feline hopped out into 
her arms, but when he saw Tenchi, nearly had a heart attack. The cat 
shrieked and clawed her shirt, tearing it and climbing up her face. 
Tenchi's eyes widened as he stood still, staring at the scene in front 
of him. "RELAX you little FURBUTT!" The cat stopped.

She grabbed him by the scruff of his neck and handed him to Tenchi. 
"He's all yours. That'll be $18.50. The spry feline licked his whiskers 
and hissed. Tenchi reconsidered, but began to flip through the bills in 
his wallet.

"I only have 15 bucks."

"Oh well, I'll take that. He's not worth that much anyways. He's such a 
pain in the ass." The adolescent cat glared at her and hissed.

Paying her and padding the feline under the arm of his brown jacket, he 
turned around and asked, "By the way, what's his name?"

She looked up, glittering. Her silver and gold hoops, all 14 of them. 7 
on each ear, jingling and shaking as she nodded her head. "Pitchusi." 
Her pigtails splashed with emerald streaks bobbled as she nodded. 

***********************************************************************

Running outside, pushing the feline's head back under his arm, he 
stepped up to the car. Opening the door, he seated himself inside.

Ryoko began. "What didja go in there for?"

Reaching under his arm, he dragged out Pitchusi and placed him in her 
lap. He began to have another heart attack. "Aaaagh! Get him off! Get 
him off!" Tenchi thought quickly. He grabbed him by his scruff, and he 
relaxed.

"Is this punishment?" Tenchi muttered to the cat.

"Meow."

"Screw you."

"Meow <hiss>"

"Awww. He's so.so cute!"

"He's yours." Tenchi smiled and placed him in her lap. She began to 
scratch him under his chin. His motor started and so did the car's. 

"What's his name?" She whispered quietly in his ear.

"Pitchusi." He whispered back.

"Oh." She whispered

"Why are we whispering?"

"I don't really know." Tenchi glanced out of the plexi-glass window. 
"Domo, Tenchi." She leaned over closer and kissed his cheek. He froze 
for a moment, still as stone, grasping the steering wheel. But as soon 
as he froze, he relaxed. She pulled away and winked. She was beaming 
and her smirk showed her smile, white as sugar. 

As he pulled out of the parking lot, and began conversation. "It was 
Washu's and Sasami's idea. When they told me about it, I thought it was 
great. I hope you like what I got you."

"You mean Pitchusi's not from you?"

Tenchi nodded. "Nope. He's actually from your mom-I mean, Little Washu. 
She knows you get lonely and all, so she thought you might want a pet, 
since Ryo-ohki is around Sasami all the time."

Ryoko sucked on her bottom lip. "Yeah. But, what exactly IS it. 
Pitchusi, I mean."

"Oh, he's a cat. Sort of an earth animal, I guess."

"So.what DID you get me?"

Tenchi laughed to himself. "I'm not telling you that! It's a surprise."
"Pleeeeeeease!?"
"Nuh uh."
"Fine. Cause you know that I already bought YOUR birthday present."
"Oh really?"
"Really. You'll REALLY like it."
"I'm sure I will."
Ryoko looked at him preciously. "Do you mean that?"

Tenchi looked at her oddly, confused. He turned the corner and stopped 
at a red light. "Well.yeah, Sure. Why wouldn't I?" Ryoko didn't answer 
for a moment. She stared at the gas station outside with the pink and 
purple neon electric lights shining on a silver car. A tall, indistinct 
man stood by the car. It appeared he was waiting for someone. 'Probably 
his next victim' She thought to herself. The man suddenly jerked his 
head towards her and glared at her evilly, anticipated, almost 
sinister. His cerulean eyes held hatred. Her brow furrowed and she 
turned her away from his gaze.

"I don't know. I.just.I'm." She paused, afraid he would be angry with 
her. "I'm sorta not used to it."

Tenchi realized what she was talking about. "Oh.I'm sorry Ryoko. You 
just get me really hyped sometimes. I really don't MEAN to hurt you. It 
just.comes out the wrong way." 

***********************************************************************

His mind recalled the thousands of times he had yelled at her, 
criticized her, and punished her. He called to mind the time when Ayeka 
had suspected a dirty, cruel insult about Ryoko and said it out loud 
right in front of her tender face. They were all sitting on the couch, 
discussing which television show to watch. "In Your Eyes" or "Killer 
Aliens From Vito" 

Ryoko was sitting all by herself, staring out the window, pretending to 
have some interest in the full moon and the glittering stars. The first 
princess had burst out laughing hysterically. Sasami had shot them 
looks of disgust and disagreed of how she wasn't an animal, how she 
didn't look like a stray cat. Tenchi had reflected on this. Yes, she 
did look feline, but in a...sexy...sort of way. He remembered that 
night that her eyes, not especially gold, but more of a deep amber, 
were fading into hurt. Her hair, usually spiky and wild, was smoother, 
straighter. Even.curly sort of, and it was spread out all over the 
couch. She did reflect a cat, but in more of a graceful, cunning way. 
He was about to disagree, but the way Ayeka's tone had said it, it was 
holding humor. It was sort of funny, not really, but he laughed a light 
laugh, then a little louder. The space pirate had noticed it and 
whacked Ayeka with a pastel yellow pillow, sending tea and sake all 
over Tenchi and Ayeka. She had grinned for revenge, but taken it back 
as soon as she had done it. She cringed, expecting punishment and 
criticism, which was what she got from him, like a disobedient puppy. 
Her bullion eyes held wound and despise.

***********************************************************************  

He grasped the steering wheel so violently his knuckles turned white. 
'How could I have done that!? And it's her BIRTHDAY! I'm am such a 
freakin' pervert!' He thought in his mentality.

She then smiled sweetly, but it wasn't real. It looked like someone had 
cut out a picture of a model smile from a magazine and sloppily glued 
it on her lips. He was tormented.

"I'm serious Ryoko. I'm really sorry if I ever hurt your feelings." She 
almost bought it. Almost. But seeing the fake grin on his face, she 
began to think. 'He's just trying to make me feel better. Like he 
always does. To sweep it under the rug.' She then began to get 
frustrated. 

"Why do you care now, though? You n-never cared before." She stuttered, 
afraid to talk. "You just ignored me and kissed the ground Ayeka walks 
on."

He was appalled. "You know and I BOTH know that that's not true!" His 
hand burned on the steering wheel, veering quickly to the left.

"How would you know?? You don't see it the way I do!"

"Ryoko I-please-give me a chance! You don't know!" The wet, slippery 
road was causing the car to veer.

"Don't say THAT! You don't mean it! I know it! I can see it in your 
eyes. You hate me! I'm not stupid, you know!"

"Then why would I bring you out here, HUH? You don't know how I feel 
about you.you-"

"Look Tenchi, I'm so sorry but."

She didn't get to finish though. Pitchusi yowled as the tires screeched 
against the asphalt highway. The feline dug his claws into her chemise 
(just a fancy way of saying shirt) and hissed. Tenchi grabbed hold of 
the steering wheel, but lost control. It was turning on it's own, like 
something was controlling it. Ryoko reached out and clutched his arm 
and held onto Pitchusi. She reached out for the steering wheel, but it 
was too late. Their car slid off the road, into the bushes. Spinning, 
tumbling, it seemed to never reach the bottom. Never seemed to stop. 
But suddenly it did, colliding into a tree.

Tenchi screamed in pain. His head had been thrown back into the drivers 
seat. A loud crack was heard as it was thrown back. "AAAAAGGGHH!"

"TENCHI!!!"

He screamed, piercing the wind with the shriek of misery. His arm was 
twisted back and bone was poking out. Blood was falling from his mouth 
and nose. His head pounded with torment and pain. Thoughts spun through 
his head. RYOKO! Moving his eyes to glance at Ryoko, he gasped. Her arm 
was disconnected and she was shaking and convulsing uncontrollably.

"Ryoko? RYOKO! Please, c'mon! Answer me!"

"I.I c-c-can't feel a-anything." She began to moan and sob. "You're g-    
going to die, Tenchi! AND IT'S MY FAULT!"

Tenchi began to soothe her. "No, no Ryoko-sama. I'll be fine. I'm 
worried about you right now."

"But I-"

"No. Don't speak. Shhhh. Don't say a word." His eyes were giving off a 
light, a warmth to them, as they had so many times before. They would 
lull her into a dream world, where he would hold her and whisper to 
her. In her mind, everything was white. A burning white fire. Tenchi 
was about to say something else, when he heard a voice. 

"Oh my god, Rakai! They got in a car accident! Look at them!" He heard 
two car doors slam shut, and heavy, quick footsteps sweeping through 
wet dirt and grass.

"I know, I know! We have to do something Misuji, go call 911! I'm gonna 
see what I can do." Tenchi glanced to the left. A man with russet hair 
was running over, to quick for him to identify his face. 

"Kid! Are you alright?! Oh god, please say your alive!" Tenchi coughed 
and murmured to no one but him self. "Please, take her.to a hospital. 
Help her first. I'll be fine."

"No, I can't let you do that. Take him." Ryoko, being her stubborn 
self, had heard him, as she always does. So many times she had heard 
him, even if it was under his breath, a quiet statement to nobody but 
himself, her keen ears had heard him. He began to phase into thought 
again. His mind filled with the color of the ginger ceramic tiles of 
his roof. Ryoko was up there one day last autumn, alone. He had come to 
ask her for a favor, when he muttered under his breath, "A little 
blinding." For the roof was glaring golden rays from the sun. Her 
genuine look of sincerity had morphed to a spontaneous look of spunk 
and wit. "What, me or the sun? We're both blinding, huh? Except.I'm a 
lot more beautiful, don't ya think, Tenchi?" He began to sputter 
something completely stupid. She only laughed and phased next to him, 
her arms resting on the back of her head. Her cyan locks blew into her 
feline features. Her eyes flickered copper, hypnotizing him, but she 
had phased away all to soon. 

"Ryoko-"

"Just DO IT!" Her voice cracked with searing pain. The young man, maybe 
26 years old, unbuckled Tenchi's seatbelt and dragged him out of the 
damaged mini-van. His eyes held a gentle gaze, as her stared at her. 
Her eyes suddenly locked with his own, only holding a more affectionate 
look, more serene. He held it in his own eyes before the man had 
carried him away...
***********************************************************************

Hours had passed, maybe one or two. Ryoko's mind began to spin. Her 
temples throbbed with ache and pain. She sighed, feeling pity for 
herself. Her throat was like fire, burning, crisping everything in it. 
Charring it, so she couldn't speak. Suddenly, her ears perked up at the 
sound of a voice. 'They're back!' She thought. 

But what she saw was not what she wanted to see...

A man with ebony hair and cerulean eyes stepped up to her, holding a 9 
mm gun in his left hand, a rope in his right. 

"Well well, what do we have here?" 

His eyes screamed lust and violence. His voice was like heavy honey and 
oil. He loaded the gun in his hand and pointed at her. Ryoko's eyes 
widened, Her pupils shrinking. 

She screamed a piercing scream, causing a chill in the air. The man 
slammed a hand over her mouth and began to slap her continuously, 
beating her for blowing their cover. "SHUT UP you bitch!!!" Her screams 
were muffled, but she kept on. She bit his hand, breaking his skin.

He then punched her in the stomach endlessly, each punch killing her 
bit by bit. Her breath was valid and her eyes were vacant. Her eyes 
widened and her eyebrows rose.

"Sorry I had to do that." He grasped her collar lustfully. 

"Let me GO YOU SON OF A-"

The man grasped one of the cyan tresses that hung in front of her ears 
and pulled hard. Ryoko screamed and kicked the man in the chest, 
causing a muddy footprint to elapse onto his pallid shirt. Her hand 
lunged out in front of her, a glowing red energy orb appeared in her 
palm. With all anger, she hurled it at the man. Suddenly, he phased 
away, the ends of his hair barely skimmed with raw energy. The man 
appeared again to her left, enraged, he lunged at Ryoko. 

His eyes began to transform to a fierce yellow, hair to a blinding 
white, and a deep, blood red cape fell to the ground. She froze.

"No-it can't b-be you! NO!"

The figure spun around and bowed. "Ah yes, Ryoko, it is I. And you 
thought I was dead, foolish girl. Well, I am of course, but, never take 
anything TOO seriously." A loud, maniacal laugh pierced the air. 

Kagato.

"You, you BASTARD! Tenchi killed you! You ARE dead! There is no way 
that you can still be alive after what he did to you!" She cried out. 

An even more sinister laugh rung in her ears.

He grinned evilly, a blinding light falling into his hands. "And how 
would that be? I'm right here in front of you, am I not?"

She shuddered as he grabbed her jaw with a free hand, shaking her head 
back and forth violently. "You see this, girl? This, is the source of 
my power." 

The light, a vivid green had now altered into a scorching white color. 
It began to take shape of a silhouette. At first, it was the shape of a 
lean body with two fierce, blood red eyes. Its head was swathed in 
spikes and on its wrist; two glowing gems the exact same color as the 
shadows' wicked eyes. It began to hover in his palm, spinning and 
throwing punches to the air. 

It was her. 

"I see you recognize this. I don't see why you wouldn't. It looks just 
like you, a pathetic, worthless machine. I never wanted you, you demon 
child, but when I realized the potential of your powers, THAT was when 
I took you into training." He snickered.

The silhouette was suddenly destroyed, turning into dust. Kagato 
drained the dust like an hourglass, letting it pile onto the ground. 
Then, with all anger, he stepped on it, grinding it with the heel of 
his shoe. Ryoko just laid her head back, her eyes watering. Tenchi 
still had her remaining two gems; She would die easily if she tried to 
fight.

"Giving up so quickly? Shameful." He retorted. "And I thought I taught 
you better than that."

"Get...away from me." She whispered hoarsely.

"And why should I, to let you run? Nonsense!" He sneered. "I have come 
here for one reason only. To kill you. It will be quite simple of 
course. You never wanted to fight, but then, you realized your TRUE 
nature as a killer!"

"I AM NOT! Just SHUT UP! Tenchi told me so! He-he-"

"That stupid boy? Of course that's what he'll tell you! He pities you, 
a worthless creation like yourself. Face it, my dear. You ARE a killer, 
for that is your instinct!"
 
Kagato prepared a luminous orange orb in his hand; small sparks of 
lightning eloping from it. It was hurled at her, hitting her square in 
the stomach. Screaming out in pain, she received another blow to the 
collarbone. Blood was soaking her clothes as she dug her nails into her 
hand.

"Die, you stupid child, DIE! You destroyed me, now PAY!" He screamed, 
heaving more energy orbs at her frail body.

Amazingly, as if the grace of God had swept over her, a swirl of 
shadows and a silver liquid took form of an all to familiar figure. 

"Leave her ALONE!" Screamed a nasal voice, yet seared with power and 
hatred. 

"Washu!" They both yelled in shaken unison. 

"Be quiet Ryoko! It's not me, just a projection!" She hushed her 
daughter, appearing above their heads.

"Too scared to come and fight for your creation?" Kagato leered.

"There is no need for me to come when I can defeat you right now!" The 
scientist said calmly through clenched teeth.

"Of course you can, and I fight for Jurai only. You can't fool anyone 
but your self, you conceded witch."

"As if! I guess that must be why you consider your self so superior 
when all you talk is a load of shit!" Ryoko sneered.

"I wouldn't say such things if I were you!" 

The projection suddenly began to fade away, like static on a television 
screen. Then all together, it disappeared. Ryoko cried out. "Washu! 
Come back!"

"Ha! She left you! No surprise there. She was never brave enough to 
face her fears." Kagato alleged.

"Who said she was scared of you!?"

"Oh, trust me, my Ryoko, I know..."

Ryoko's eyes thinned. How dare he-he assume all those false promises 
about her and her mother? She would never, ever let him live it down. 
Wait, she would never let him LIVE at all. He would be poisoned by her 
stares and her power would engulf him, he would die and never come 
back, ever.

Of course she doubted every word she said, but all in all, faith had 
won out. Slowly, painfully, she used her palms to lift her self off of 
the chair she was stretched on. She teleported a few feet away from 
Kagato, crumpled in a heap on the ground.

"You...just...DIE!!!" She screamed so loud, it could have deafened him. 
The gem on her neck began to glow a blinding, luminous red light. 

A white light surrounded her body, as she began to hover a few feet off 
of the ground. Amazingly, a gem appeared on her forehead, two others on 
her temples. In the center of each shone a small, beautiful purple 
crystal, each detail shining in its glory. She began to cry violently 
out in pain, for her power was consuming her, although yet, it was 
making her stronger. 

Her blazing energy sword appeared in her scathed hand, dimly lighting 
her surroundings. She managed to bring her self down to the damp 
ground. She locked her shaking knees.

"Wha-what on earth?" Kagato whispered, his eyes widened in fear.

Lunging at her sworn enemy, she brought her sword down on his body. She 
was able to amputate an arm, but it grew back to soon to her dismay.

He laughed sickeningly. "Being dead has its advantages." 

Lunge after lunge, she missed. An image of Tenchi faded into her mind. 
Tenchi would have killed him in two seconds with the Light Hawk Wings. 
His power was undefeatable. Kagato would never win, he would be 
defeated and her misery would be gone; those awful, violent nightmares 
would disappear and she would never have to go through them again...

Suddenly, with all of the power engulfed in her soul, Ryoko managed a 
globe of white-hot energy, hurling it towards him. The four gems on her 
body, the one on her neck, forehead, and the ones on her temples shone 
the same white light. Tears began to spill out of her eyes, not even 
touching her face. Just merely dropping to the ground.

In a flash, it swallowed his body, eating his very being. The energy 
consumed him, eating him away. His existence was now a skeleton, 
screaming in agony. 

All in all, Kagato was converted into ashen sand in a small pile in 
front of her. Blood stained the ground as she stood there in awe, mouth 
gaping, and eyes vacant.

"I k-killed him. He's de-dead... Isn't he?" She muttered. Too weak to 
hold on, her body fell to the damp, muddy ground, defeated. 

Not too soon after, she heard familiar voices. Footsteps crackled on 
the dry leaves that were spread all over the ground. 

"Girl, are you alright? It's me! Don't worry! The ambulance is here! 
Relax.please, just relax-"

She passed out, feeling nauseous. She felt her soul was leaving her. 
She felt an-an emptiness in her body. 'I'm dead.I'm dead.' Her mind 
whispered, deafening her thoughts. The sight of flashing red lights was 
replaced by dark shadows, bitter as ice. Soon enough, she passed out.

***********************************************************************
 
Tenchi moaned in pain as the young nurse injected pain reliever into 
his veins. "Gomen nasai, did I hurt you?" She questioned 
sympathetically. Her silky, blonde curls bobbed as she spoke, elongated 
by strawberry tinted, glitter elastics. 

"I'm fine" Tenchi droned, his thoughts occupied with those of his 
friend, still trapped in the ravaged van. 

Suddenly, a white hospital bed rolled in quickly, braking at his right. 
Cyan spikes were poking out from behind the doctor's figure. His eyes 
widened in alarm as he began to lift his body up off the cot. "R-Ryoko! 
It's you! I-"

Suddenly, Washu, Ayeka, and Sasami burst through out the door, throwing 
the curtains apart. "Little Ryoko!" Washu screamed, throwing her arms 
around her daughter. "I'm so sorry I left you! My power ran 
out.gomen!!!"

Ayeka ran over and began to caress Tenchi's face. He flinched; 
surprised that she would touch him like that. She was usually so self-
kept. 

"Lord Tenchi, what happened? Oh dear!" She yelped, like an abandoned 
kitten.

"A car accident that's what! Tenchi, how many times have I told you to 
watch the road!?" Washu argued, her magenta locks being thrown back 
over her shoulders. Her bottle green eyes flashed.

"Little Washu, calm down! Poor Tenchi and Ryoko-niichan are hurt!" 
Sasami chimed, tears staining her cheeks.

Suddenly, a doctor with citrus lemon hair bolted in. "Everybody move 
OUT of the way! I am Doctor Shorihi! Tell me, are you professional 
doctors?" She asked, irritated. The room was silent until Washu spoke 
up, her index finger poking the doctor square in the chest.

"Yes! I happen to be a doctor in the first through twelfth laws! I hope 
that YOU studied at the science academy of Jurai, little miss-"

The doctor guffawed. "You?! Little girl, I suggest you go with your 
mommy to-"

"WHO are YOU calling LITTLE GIRL?" She roared. Her height shot up as 
she phased into adult form. Her burgundy and forest green Science 
Academy uniform morphed to fit her precisely. The doctor stared, 
blinking in awe. Washu smirked. "My point exactly! Let's get them into 
intensive care right now!" The assistants did nothing. "NOW!" They 
moved. (Like a bat out of hell)


Ryoko and Tenchi were wheeled into separate rooms to be examined, much 
to his dismay. Corrective surgery and therapy was to be made on their 
wounds. Oxygen masks were placed over both their mouths. Tenchi began 
to feel light-headed and sleepy, since he was the only one conscious. 
His mind fogged. His eyelids grew heavy as he slowly dozed off into a 
lulling sleep...

***********************************************************************


It was close to one 'o' clock in the morning when Ryoko woke. Her 
surroundings were only a hospital bed, a small television set that was 
on mute at the moment, and a large window that faced the night sky. The 
blue and white glow from the image on the screen shone on her face. A 
picture of a boy and a girl holding hands, walking along the city 
streets...

She had been through at least 2 examinations, both with needles, 
anesthesia, and oxygen. She shuddered, the battle with Kagato, epping 
away at the back of her mind. 

'What was that power?' She wondered. 'It couldn't of come from me. I'm 
not that strong.'

Ryoko lifted her hands to her temples, feeling around for the gem, but 
felt only the silky locks of hair that hung there. She pondered for 
what seemed like an eternity when she began to hear moans coming from 
the other room. It was Tenchi. Lifting herself off of the thin cot with 
her palms. She bit her lip, the pain rushing through her body. She 
cried out in pain, grasping her arm as she fell back onto the bed. She 
landed on her arm, the pressure of it causing a bruise. Her body was 
too delicate now. Any small amount of pain would give her a ghastly 
bruise. For one, she was glad not to be on the hard metal table inside 
of Washu's lab.

She heard her name being called out softly, almost a whisper. Then bare 
feet limp along a smooth floor. She felt a strong grip on her 
shoulders. She winced, for she had been hit on her collarbone. There 
were still bloodstains. Then, somebody gasped. She meekly opened her 
eyes to see Tenchi standing over her, lightly holding her shoulders as 
her head hung back. 

"Ryoko, Oh god, don't scare me like that!" He hissed, his eyes meek and 
vulnerable. " He stared at her wounded shoulder, the dry blood caked on 
her hospital gown. "What the hell happened?!" 

She slowly wrapped her arms around him as Tenchi pulled her into a 
strong embrace, whispering things she couldn't understand. She didn't 
care. He was holding her on his own will, combing back her bangs with 
his hand. He sat Ryoko up on the hospital bed, making sure she was 
balanced before he released his grip.

She cried out again, falling forward. He quickly lunged out, holding 
his arms out for her to fall into his grip. 

"Ryoko, what is wrong? Please tell me, I want to help you." He 
whispered.

"You know, you shouldn't be up right now. You're really hurt." She 
groaned.

"That's not the point." Ryoko usually tried to cover everything up or 
somehow veer away from the subject.

She slowly moved away from him, letting his hands run down her arms and 
finally get hold of her hands. He held them tightly and began to knead 
her palms with his thumb. She could only look down at her stomach, her 
lips chapped and dry. His gaze traveled downward onto her stomach, 
which was also covered in dry blood. Hesitantly, he brought his hands 
down to her stomach, placing them there. She whimpered, her eyes 
watering. 

He lifted the gown up only a bit, but enough for him to see the exposed 
wound. Breathless, he let it fall back down over her body. 

"Something happened, didn't there? Why didn't you tell me, Ryoko?! Tell 
me now!" 

"No." She murmured simply.

"Wha-What do you mean no?! That was NOT caused by the car crash!" He 
said annoyed, taking her hands into his strong, rough palms once more.

"I can't."  She quavered, on the verge of tears. 

"And why not?" He said through clenched teeth.

"Because it would only hurt you more!" She spat, voice cracking.

Finally, he understood. All the anger he was feeling finally slipped 
through his fingers, willing to be let go. All the times he wondered 
why she was so hesitant. Now he recognized why she was trying to hold 
back from him. Now he knew why every time he pushed her away, she 
cringed. Every time he reprimanded her, she winced.

She was scared of him...

"Ryoko-chan." he whispered, running his strong hands down her arms 
again, soaking it in.

She sighed. "Tenchi, I-"

She froze, her eyes widened, eyebrows raised. Her lips parted. "Wh-what 
did you call me?" She said, her voice low and unstable.

"Ryoko, you.I-I just." He trailed off, the rest of the sentence 
completed in thought.

Suddenly, the doctor walked in, her face buried in a medical book with 
a cup of black coffee in the other. The smell wafted across the room, 
making them drowsy. 

Her head shot up in amusement. It was Washu.

"Tenchi, please-please explain to me this," She said, sounding 
confused. She lifted a finger and waved it around, scolding him. 
"Why...ARE YOU OUT OF BED!?" She yelled. She began to tap her foot 
impatiently on the silicone floor.

Tenchi limped over to an inexpensive wooden chair and sat down, 
clutching his arm. His neck in a support cast, he couldn't necessarily 
nod or move his head.

"I came to check up on her." 

Ryoko nodded enthusiastically, lower lip in her mouth, voluminous hair 
giving her face a hearty, curious figure.

"You know you should be in bed. With that sprained neck, you oughta be 
in agony right now." Washu said, obviously amused.

Ryoko nodded once more. "That's what I told him."

Tenchi cracked a smile. "I've always been a quick heal-OW! JESUS 
WASHU!" He yelped, as Washu pulled a finger away from lightly tapping 
his neck.

"What were you going to say? It sounded to me like quick healer, or 
maybe my ears were just playing tricks on me." Washu snickered.

"Hardee har har, Sooo funny!" He said.

"Fine! Stay here and sulk in misery in pain. I'll just be in the 
cafeteria mixing this weak stuff up," She said, gesturing to the black 
coffee in the foam cup. "and enjoying my soy latte with cream. Very 
tasty." She said playfully.

She trotted out of the room. Tenchi was able to glance at the chapter 
books cover. "How To Become Closer With Your Family" He dismissed it. 
'I never thought she would resort to books to help her.' He thought.

As he turned to glance at Ryoko, she was busy congregating the books 
title as well.

Finally, she stood up and strided out of the room, returning seconds 
later with a cup of ice water. 

Upon this, she dumped it over his head. He yelped out, something that 
sounded like, "RyokoIOughta!!!" the freezing water soaking his shirt, 
hair, shorts, and the chair. Tenchi used his hands to wipe his eyes and 
drain his ponytail.

"Ah-ah I c-cold" He spat, shivering.

Ryoko smiled warmly, winking, drops of water faintly holding on to her 
lashes.

Unexpectedly, she leaned over and kissed him fervently, tasting the ice 
water that was now getting her bangs and cheeks wet. He could only sit 
there, motionless.
 
Pulling away, she sauntered off across the room and through the door.


Tenchi blinked. "_What_ just happened here?" water dripping off of his 
chin.

Washu trotted in again, sipping the latte. "It was funny, no?" She 
petruded, with a fake Spanish accent. "I thought it was a pretty good 
idea. Hey!" She said suddenly, noticing his posture. "Your thinking of 
something real scanky right about now, aren't you Tenchi?"

He blushed deeply.

"HA HAAA! That's what ice water will do to you!" She broke out 
cackling. "Woo HOO!"

Tenchi rolled his eyes and quick as sound, seized the latte out of the 
petite scientist's hand. He took long, healthy sips from it before 
returning it to her. He smacked his lips and wiped his mouth using the 
back of his hand. "It was delicious, no?" Tenchi teased.

"Ooooh you lil'." Washu scoffed yet, delighted to see the more open 
side of him, not the closed up, bashful, demure side.

Chuckling, he walked off towards the hospital, resting his head down on 
the starch cotton pillow. Closing his eyes, he fell into a deep dozing 
state, dreaming of the day's happenings. 

He shuddered into thinking he almost died. Although Ryoko would not 
tell him what had happened, he would find out, and now was the perfect 
time to ask. Washu grinned and walked out of the room with her half 
empty cup of latte and her graceful stance.

"Wait, Little Washu!" He called, still laying down, looking up at the 
stucco ceiling.

"Yeah?" She asked.

"I hate to ask you this but.if you know.what happened when Ryoko 
was.alone?" She added sheepishly.

The scientist sighed heavily. "Do you really want me to answer that?" 
She murmured hesitantly.

Tenchi breathed in deeply. "Yes...I do."

***********************************************************************

Tenchi had a sprained neck that would have to be in a cast for at least 
2 months. His arm was broken severely so that couldn't be moved for a 
while. But Ryoko would heal quicker than him and her arm was already 
contracting back to its normal size and the bone marrow was sealing the 
wound. Finally, after intensive care, flowers, painful stares, and 
prescribed medication, 2 days later, they headed back home. 

***********************************************************************


Ryoko stared out into the lavender sky, her hair blowing around 
everywhere. The rising sun was painting the sky with pastels. Her arm 
was still numb as she stoked the bruise. A cherry blossom fell onto her 
eyelash. She blinked and it fluttered away. Hearing trudging footsteps, 
she looked down to see Tenchi holding an infant Mayuka in his stable 
arm. He grinned down at the little girl as she tugged on his shirt. Her 
deep blue curls stuck to her forehead and two amber eyes peeked out 
from under a blanket. A small Pitchusi pranced next to him, staring up 
at the rose colored bundle. Ryoko smiled to herself.


"Hi there Tenchi, May, Pitchusi." She called out, soaring down to meet 
them.

"Oh, hi Ryoko. Here, could you take her for a sec?" He held out his 
daughter to her. "My hands are kinda full." He gestured to the "Winnie 
The Pooh" baby bag filled with bottles of formula, toys, and blankets. 

Ryoko smoothed out her new, bright, cherry red dress with the spaghetti 
straps that she got from Mihoshi. Not bad actually. It was now her 
favorite dress. It let down right above her knees and was light and 
airy. Ryoko reached out, cooing to the child. "So, why are you out here 
today?" She asked, while slinging the baby bag over her shoulder.

"Oh, it's just really nice out. I thought she would like to get out of 
the house and all." He answered, while rummaging through the baby bag 
for an apple juice.

"Well then, I think you should take off her blanket. If I were her, I 
wouldn't want a sheep's wool blanket draped over me. It's really hot 
out." She replied while staring down at him. She pointed to a 
transparent bottle with "Little Mermaid" characters on it. 

"Oh, thanks. Yeah, you're probably right about that." He sighed. 
Uh.Ryoko?

She looked up. "Yes?"

He walked over to a colossal oak and sat down, leaning on to it. He 
padded the ground next to him and gestured Ryoko to sit next to him, to 
bring May. She strolled over and sat down, laying Mayuka on the ground 
on her blanket. She kicked her small legs into the air and giggled.

"What is it?"

"Just to talk and stuff."

"Oh." She said, obviously disappointed.

He sighed and laid his head back onto the oak, looking up into the 
leaves. "I-I don't think I can handle this dad thing. It's too 
difficult."

"I think that you're a good dad."

Tenchi blushed. "Do you really think that?"

"Of course I do. You just need some time. And some Advil, patience, and 
a lot of chocolate." She laughed to her self. "That's what Washu-I 
mean, mom said."

Tenchi looked at her slowly, chuckling. It had to be her. 

***********************************************************************

Ryoko. That was the first thing that came to mind when Washu had said 
that May's mother could be one of the girls. He had looked straight at 
Ryoko, but she never noticed. She was to busy staring down at the 
floor. The only thing that gave it away was her eyes. They both had 
those same feral golden eyes. Washu had pointed out to him the day 
after that cyan blended with black did create that navy blue hue in 
May's hair. Although Yuzuha was the mother, he still had his doubts. 
Just the way she spoke gave it away.

***********************************************************************

Maybe it was the gentle wind, or the smell of too much baby powder, but 
Tenchi spoke out after the conversation. 

"Ryoko, do you ever think of yourself as...as Mayuka's mother?"

Ryoko looked at him, surprised. "I-uh.maybe.sometimes."

Tenchi took her hand in his softly. She knew right then and there what 
he was trying to say. 'You are'. But.maybe she was wrong. Maybe he was 
ashamed of her thinking that.

She smiled as he leaned over, brushing his lips against her cheek. 
Color and heat rose to her cheeks.

Screw that idea.

She leaned into him as he wrapped his arm around her, hugging her. They 
neared their lips.

"Waaaa! Papa!" He was able to lay a sweet kiss on her lips before 
attending to the baby. 

"Shhhh, Mayuka. Calm down, May-Chan, Papa's here." He soothed to the 
infant. 

"Ba-ba, Papa! Ba-ba!" She shrieked. Tenchi lunged for the bottle. He 
propped the little girl up in his arms and held the bottle to her 
mouth. She began to suck obnoxiously and noisily. Pitchusi, who was 
nowhere to be seen, suddenly landed in Ryoko's lap, who absent-mindedly 
began to stroke his fur. Looking back to Ryoko, he frowned. Her eyes 
were vulnerable and glossy. And that sweet, ruby color that had just 
tinted her cheeks and lips was gone. 

"Ryoko?"

"Yeah?"

"Well. You look."

She laughed at herself and him. He was so cute when he was worried. 
"Nothing, nothing."

"But-"

She leaned over and kissed him quickly. She was about to pull away when 
he slung an arm around her waist and pulled her closer into a deep, 
hard kiss. His lips opened on hers, catching her lower lip. She weaved 
her slender fingers through his silky, black hair and tugged on his 
collar as if to say 'Stay with me, please.' He used his stable arm to 
pull her body tighter and closer to him. 

Ryoko's mind flailed with shock. It was just one of those amazing 
kisses that shocked you into thinking you were someone else. Soon 
enough, he pulled away, out of breath and out of time. "That...was your 
birthday present..."

He sprung up. "Practice! Love you! Hafta go, though! Take May-Chan for 
me please!" He called while running down the path towards the shrine.

"Love you." She echoed. "Love you too." She whispered, grinning.


*ENDING SONG*



"Your face  
I'm still not over  
Your face  
Headlights break through the rain  
Over the earth's winter light  
I came all the way here tonight  
To look in your eyes  
I came all the way here tonight  
Just to see you  
 
Your face  
Hold me over  
Your face  
It wipes away the rain  
Like a hundred summer skies  
And every time I talk to you  
It's like I'm alright  
And every time I talk to you  
I get a little closer to light  
 
You are the face  
That heaven shown me  
When I needed someone  
Someone to love  
And stay  
You showed me  
The quiet kind of love Behind your face  
 
  
Your face  
Let me show the world  
Your face  
All the stars and suns above  
Are jealous  
It's a light  
You steal the sky with them  
Bring it aside  
You steal the sky with them  
Bring it to light  
 
'Cause you are the face  
That Heaven showed me  
When I needed someone  
Someone to love  
Your Face  
You showed me  
The quiet kind of love  
Behind your face 
 
Quiet kind of love  
Behind your  
Face..."				By Mandy Moore



TAAA DAAAA!!! What do you think? I liked my first one better but, 
whadever!!! Q & C would be great! Even hate mail! At least I know you 
read it! 









 










